

        THE TWEET

        A tragedy in one act




ORI AVTALION: lucasartsgames, Where can I find all those wonderful adventure games you keep referring to? :)
  @TheFoolRushesIn, Yesterday's cipher took me several hours to solve. Luckily, I managed to annoy others with it ;)
  Casey McKinnon, they have extremely funny brochures
  Dmitriy, Steam usually has DRM on exe files. the datafiles should be be in a steam subfolder or extractable via GCFscape. yay @scummvm
  William Tiller, cool! I was following the TAM video feed :)
  Shaun Puckrin, yes. adding official support is on hold for legal reasons. but for now you can extract the missing files yourself
  Al Yankovic, a medley of all of the polkas
  Sven Hesse, I already feel safer from the Mexico flu!
  @TheFoolRushesIn, Have you noticed you're posting the same quip link twice? (with and without a warning about Internet Explorer)
  Eugene Sandulenko, It's run by James Woodcock
  GOGcom, Are you releasing The Incredible Machine? :D
  Dave Gilbert, Any idea when the PuzzleBots open beta be available to holiday shoppers? :D
  Dave Gilbert, "hail army of robots!"
  @IdleThumbs, any podcast interviews planned for GDC?
  Richard Wiseman, Did the request require some reward, publicity, or was it a driven by a sincere will to examine the "powers"?
  Peter Serafinowicz, It may be brain-slug snot
  Kobo, Will the new Agency Model open up some of your offerings for international customers, similar to other ebook vendors?
  Dave Gilbert, Subtitles on
  Chris Remo, Not sure about "inventive", since the mechanic was very similar to Phoenix Wright, but it was fun (albeit too short)
  Séance Dungeon, And what would you mean by the "ScummVM manifesto"? May you be confusing ScummVM with something else? :)

KENNETH TURNER: Happy Christmas. Wishing us all great adventures in the new year.
  stephen maud , nice showreel dude.
  Back the UK after two weeks teaching animation and character modelling to undergraduates in Finland.
  My first hoot.
  My second hoot.
  Escaping the endless rain. Off to Malta. Sweet sunshine here I come.

ORI AVTALION: Tim Schafer, Iron Brigade PC isn't available in my region? :( Costume Quest and Stacking are!

ADAM CADRE: When I was a small child I thought the most famous people in the history of the world were Alexander the Great and Neil Armstrong.
  Robb Sherwin, I go there every three years or so just for some green chile and sopaipillas.
  It's a bit of a walk down to my polling place on November 6 and I hoped Charles Krauthammer could tell me whether I'm going to want a jacket
  Just got home, watching video clips. Um, where did Vancouver-born, Anaheim-raised Jennifer Granholm pick up this drawl?
  A voice from the children's entertainment booth of the street festival right outside my door: "Yes, I am a clown. I'm a really funny guy."
  Dear Pandora: When I use a bunch of obscure '80s songs as seeds, it doesn't mean that I want you to feed me a bunch of Top 10 singles.
  What is Twitter good for? My answer: I heard Andy Murray won the U.S. Open, and I wanted to read a bunch of Ivan Lendl jokes, and now I can.
  Liz Cheney barely scratched the surface. Obama has also abandoned Prussia, New Granada, and the Kingdom of Hejaz. It's outrageous, really.
  comath29, I dunno, man - it's been over a year now and I think we're all still reeling from speech-timing-gate
  Kind of shocked that no one seems to have made the "Mo' Diamonds, Mo' Astroblems" tweet yet.
  Seems like the latitude here should be too low for the sidewalks to be ankle-deep in leaves on September 21.
  On the street I passed an old lady whose shoulder bore a large green parrot treating all and sundry to Mattel Electronics' greatest hits.
  I think "You can dry yourself off with a towel" is going to be Endless, Nameless's new tagline.
  My spice rack just had a spontaneous catastrophic failure. Thick plastic piece just shattered out of nowhere. (The bottles are all intact.)
  @JackDeeth, Thanks! (And it doesn't accomplish anything, but it's meant as a commentary on a certain class of interactive fiction pieces.)
  It won't keep me from voting for him, but whoever produced this two-minute ad should have told Barack Obama not to wear Max Headroom's suit.
  I saw that "Bow Wow" was trending and my first thought was that Annabella Lwin must have died.
  Jearl, Sorry to hear it - best wishes from CA
  Overheard on the BART train: "You can lead a horse to water, but you can't jump in."
  It's October 20 and we're playing Stanford?! This is the Canadian Thanksgiving of Big Games.
  I wonder how many people will be voting no on Measure A1 just because the Yes on A1 signs use Comic Sans.
  Dan Schmidt, You mean by % this year, or by historical outcome? Minnesota and the Dakotas haven't been on the same side since 1972.

ORI AVTALION: Ryan Metzler, There's a small bug in BoiteaJeux Trajan: There are 3 construction wild cards instead of 2 - I'll challenge you once it's fixed

ADAM CADRE: Looks like Romney's in "I combed my hair for 65 years and what did it ever get me?" mode.
  Batteries are stupidly expensive. Why can't my smoke alarm run on solar power?
  Sean Barrett, Nope - hadn't even heard of it. Good?
  Jim Crawford, Hey, I like this quite a bit! Out of curiosity, what made you think it would appeal to me?
  "This article is about a condition caused by inflamed mucous membranes. For the country, see Qatar."
  Mobile, schmobile - going from "phone calls sound fine" in 1983 to "phone calls sound like shit" in almost-2013 is not progress.
  It is disconcerting to keep encountering the word "dude" in a history book from 1959.
  Robb Sherwin, What I also have in common with him is that most of the programs I use are from 1996
  I see "AP Rocky" is trending. I guess that's what you take to test out of the first couple of movies and start with the Clubber Lang fight.
  Come on, Twitter, you can't get Stan Lee trending just for his birthday. Give me a heart attack why don't you.
  I just realized that my afternoon snack is a glass of water and three slices of wheat bread. No, I am not in prison.
  J. Walker, Thanks much - I'm out of town right now and can't fix the page, but I've at least been able to take it down until I get back.
  I guess I can finally put an end to my quarterly "Wait, is Conrad Bain still alive?" Google search.
  emshort, I avoid that problem by depriving myself of choice. I create systems that determine what media I will consume and do what they say.
  Sean Barrett, "Rush hour" is a poor choice of words, then, because it's a term that pertains specifically to automobile traffic.
  Robb Sherwin, Two days younger than me: Steve Nash
  Harry Altman, Thanks for the heads-up - I recently changed hosts, and it looks like not all my files made it to the new place. Should work now.
  Harry Altman, All right, that should now be fixed as well...
  Dan Schmidt, I basically stopped storing new information at age 30. This went up shortly before I turned 34, so I have to look them up.
  comath29, Hmm, that appears to add up to 32 words comprising 168 characters. JUST SAYING
  The Red Hill I-5 offramp in Tustin is the latest shooting scene? Yikes, I used to take that every week...
  Occasionally hearing vague references to something called a "Playstation."
  Sam Barlow, Yep, this was the first I'd heard of him, though once I looked him up I recognized Empire of the Sun and Crash from the films.
  Saw that "Scalia" was trending. Clicked. DISAPPOINTED
  Dick Maelstrom, P.I., Worst slashfic ever
  Dick Maelstrom, P.I., I was the shadow of the waxwing slain / But here's a Usenet post about two chicks getting lain
  People, that's not Instagram. North Korea just looks like that.

KENNETH TURNER: Rune Spaans, Good job on troll hunter. Did you use Skin FX for the creatures muscle system?
  Rune Spaans, it's a pity that Lumonix is no longer selling SkinFX. Can you suggest for a good muscle system plugin for 3dsMax ?

ADAM CADRE: Ebert was known for thumbs up/down, but his columns taught me criticism needn't be just evaluative. Say what the work made you think about.
  :( Carmine Infantino too. "Superspeed in still pictures" is an odd thing to be the best ever at, but how many are the best ever at anything?
  J. T. L., You're welcome! Very glad you like it. Thanks for the shout-out.
  Bitcoin is crashing?! Good thing all my accounts are denominated in zorkmids.
  Today I parallel parked a 155-inch car in a 156-inch space. (It helped that the bumper of the truck in front was fully above my bumper.)
  Dan Schmidt, I bought it due to the Kubrick references, listened, sold it back for $1.25. Seven years later Mamster got it online for $70.
  Georg Rimpler, Probably tomorrow. The winners have all been selected, I just have to write the post.
  Georg Rimpler, I'm glad I said "probably" when I answered you, because it's looking less likely that I'll make it today. Soon, though.
  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! I think the 2014 Lyttle Lytton winner may have already arrived. At the very least, y'all have a high bar to clear.
  Went outside and saw two raccoons mating on the sidewalk. Well okay then.
  Dan Schmidt, I think the most common formulation I've seen is "Manic Pixie Dream Crone"
  mamster, Jason Penney Oh yeah, the one whose name kept changing - my document says "$70 Song" but the filename's "Love Theme from Das Kapital"
  Kate S, Naomi Clark emshort How would you do the "use a verb you hadn't realized you could use" part?
  Naomi Clark, Kate S emshort There is a more famous example of Photopia requiring a verb you might not have previously considered.
  Leon Arnott…–, Naomi Clark Kate S emshort There's a trigger after six turns in the maze. No need to examine yourself.
  Kate S, Naomi Clark emshort Aha. I'm not so sure Rameses would have the same impact in Twine (from what I've seen of it). [more]
  Kate S, Naomi Clark emshort The dynamic in Rameses is: you type things, Alex ignores you. Less conversational if you're just clicking.
  Jearl, Chris Givler How else would someone pronounce it? "Pong"?
  Mark J Musante, Jearl Chris Givler C'mon. PNG is "ping", FAQ is "fack", DOS is "doss", and LOL is never to be spoken, typed, or thought.
  Chris Givler, Mark J Musante Jearl Actually, every acronym *is* a word; otherwise it's just an initialism. &lt;/pedant&gt;
  Dropped my SD card in the car. Took out the floor mat to look under it. No SD card, but I did find the pocketknife I lost FIVE YEARS AGO.
  Sean Barrett, Your doubts were unfounded. That was very cool - it really does capture how those vague memories of creepy childhood media feel.
  Dan Schmidt, My law of dehydration is basically "if (1) then I am dehydrated."
  My friend Mandy's young daughter: "How old do I have to be before I can clone myself?"

LIZZIESTARK: Lindy West, Thanks for being awesome. Please keep being awesome. We need you.
  Vijay Ravikumar, Aatish Bhatia Thanks for explaining snip chips, shotgun DNA sequencing, and sanger sequencing to me today. I may need a repeat soon!
  Shoshana Kessock, John Adamus We'll be making that -- and more -- public soon on the project website!
  Scott Smith, Thanks for the shout-out!
  mareinna, You aren't just whistling Dixie. I never want to write again!
  Interesting. cDNA -- made in the lab from RNA with all the "junk" cut out is patentable, SCOTUS says. What are the implications?
  Lisa Biagiotti, oh noes! My friend and I haven't bought tickets!
  Tobey-BRCA-Previvor, Thanks. Means a lot.
  MichaelWaldholz, I'm a journalist interested in speaking with you about your book Curing Cancer. Any chance you might have time for me?
  DOMA went down!

ADAM CADRE: Here's how old I am: I started typing "altavista" to check out this trending topic and my fingers automatically continued ''.digital.com''
  Several pairs of very affectionate young boy/girl siblings at the Berkeley Bowl: holding hands, hugging, etc. MDMA in the pineapple samples?

PAUL S BURGESS: .:UFO:. Dale James, That's... one of the most inspirational things I've read in a long time.

ADAM CADRE: TPM: "The military a short time ago informed President Morsi that he is no longer president." Seems like useful information for him to have.

PAUL S BURGESS: Feeling of relief as I see a SOLD sign outside my flat (subject to contract). Hopefully that means no more Saturday morning viewings.
  Tim Whitehead, Just honest :P
  Walking Dead: 400 Days is well worth a go, another very nice piece of narrative gaming (even if it is slighter than the lovely main game)
  Impressive stuff from Murray to be fair. Good-o.
  Thanks Dirk Heckler for lending me The Wicker Tree which I finally watched. Oh my god what a load of shit. Awful.
  Dirk Heckler, Haha okay half an egg awarded for boobs.
  Freemium games have ruined the gem as an icon forever.

ADAM CADRE: Hunh, Tara Reid is trending. Fun fact: my Tara Reid number is 1. We were on a show together in 1982-83.

PAUL S BURGESS: Uniqlo new account form: "First name... [ex.] Ketty" ...Ketty? Is anyone actually called Ketty?

ADAM CADRE: Little did 20th-century historians suspect that Google Images would reveal that the people they described as sublimely beautiful weren't.

PAUL S BURGESS: So.. hot... almost expired trying to get back to my flat...
  And lo and behold, immediately I see a bug. Ha. Old man you should sit on that thing not phase through it plz.
  Fernando Bevilacqua, Hehe, no shooting monsters. A fishing game; but I want it to be more about the ambience/mood than actually catching fish :)
  Dan Haslop, Thanks! :)
  Dan Haslop, Haha. Jack of all trades.

ADAM CADRE: katherine morayati, Interesting one-downsmanship potential here: "not all of us are privileged enough to leave our support networks" vs. [cont'd]
  katherine morayati, [cont'd] vs. "not all of us are privileged enough to HAVE support networks."

PAUL S BURGESS: While applauding a group of nearby tramps performing "we are family" while in a beer garden I suddenly stopped and thought... wait... What??
  Dirk Heckler, Haha, well I suppose it was my anti-birthday recently

PUMPED: BMX: Lima, Thanks for that.
  Lima, I'm in Oxford, drinking tea. Then I'm going to London for the day. Then I'm coming back for the jam. So you know.

PAUL S BURGESS: I would love to try making a RTS sometime, but not this week. 'Tho I would probably end up copying Starcraft as I'm playing far too much.

ADAM CADRE: katherine morayati, I hadn't heard of this book, but the part about "there is actually a formula" is absolutely true.

PAUL S BURGESS: I'm seeing reports that it's a boy but is there any confirmation on species? Is it reptile? I'm dreading a reptile prince.

ADAM CADRE: Libby Hill, Thank you.
  I got a Caramello for the first time in about twenty years. Holy mother of moly, this is awful.

PUMPED: BMX: Breno Azevedo, Please check your emails! :)
  solid 14 hours of coding, off out to party.
  Coady MacMillan, No hander! :)

PAUL S BURGESS: Is there a help group for coping with the emptiness that follows finishing the entire run of Twin Peaks?
  Reko Ukko, That would be cool. Was my first time all the way to the end, amazingly! Then again the best bit kinda ends with Leland. But still.

PUMPED: BMX: Olly Rendle, Let's go with ecstatic! :)
  Just went for a run for the first time in 3 years or so. sweaty, but good.

PAUL S BURGESS: Fruits of the junk folder: "To: pumpupthevaliumHotmail.co.uk" Okay that's pretty good

OXFORD INDIES: Mode 7, GOD OF TRUMPET

ADAM CADRE: Wendy Despain, No idea. I am pretty much the last person to ask about the post-2001 IF community.
  Wendy Despain, A conversation in which I lament suckering myself into spending a big chunk of 2011-12 writing for it.

OXFORD INDIES: Kevin Nolan, Let me know where people decide to head.
  Headed for lunch today?

PUMPED: BMX: Huge congratulations to Liam Phillips on his World Series win! Doin it for the UK.
  My head hurts. Day off today, back to work tomorrow.
  UglyRobot, That's what today is for! :)

PAUL S BURGESS: Damn, I just can't finish these little games any more. Think I might strategically abandon releasing a game *every* month. I did 7 anywayz.
  On the coach into London for music funtimes! Don't think this egg and bacon sandwich has endeared me to my fellow passengers.
  "Your place is still at the heart of my everything~~~" RIP in peace, Texas is the Reason &lt;3 Epic show.
  Dirk Heckler, Is that a real actual thing?

PUMPED: BMX: Starting to do a bit of web design for Pumped 2. Classic procrastination.

PAUL S BURGESS: Dirk Heckler, Oh what could have been &lt;SADFACE&gt;
  Another Starcraft game lost by a dropped connection because it rained outside. Because apparently that's a thing. *sigh*

PUMPED: BMX: night (mostly) off work tonight. going for a wander in the rift.

ADAM CADRE: Robb Sherwin, Whoa. That's very tempting. If only I had the space for it. But I basically live in a cupboard.
  Someone added 9:05 to IMDb and listed it as being from Australia. Which is in fact where I wrote it! I am oddly tickled by this.

OXFORD INDIES: So. Tomorrow lunch venue, ThirstyMeeples ok?

JON INGOLD: T.V. Shit, sure, that should work!

PAUL S BURGESS: Keys to new flat acquired! Bring on my villainous new HQ.

JON INGOLD: T.V. Shit, Jon (at) inkle studios dot com

PAUL S BURGESS: Dirk Heckler, Hmm. Maybe I could be a sort of grey hero who performs sinister deeds for a greater good?

OXFORD INDIES: So lunch today? Thirsty Meeples on Gloc’Green, 1pm.
  Simon Roth, Jonathan Whiting @superpig Lunch at 1? ThirstyMeeples...
  Richard Fine, Simon Roth Jonathan Whiting Neat.
  If you are in Oxford today, lunch at 1pm feel free to turn up at Thirsty Meeples on Gloucester Green. 
  I think another evening drinks will be good in September. Perhaps with some show &amp; tell going on? A monthly thing?
  Simon Roth, Jonathan Whiting Richard Fine Hanging around here for a bit. Will see what’s happening later too. Have a venue in mind?

JON INGOLD: Edge, tell that to joss whedon?

ADAM CADRE: orenronen, Thanks for bringing this to my attention! Now I just have to figure out how to stick this into Google Translate...
  orenronen, Great, thanks! (Though I was surprised to find that Google Translate does let you grab a tablet and handwrite the characters...)

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, Simon Roth Richard Fine Twas a good day.

ADAM CADRE: I've never played a first-person shooter, but I assume they're like Twitter on Sunday nights with spoilers jumping at you wherever you turn.

JON INGOLD: Suzey, good luck x
  alastair horne, I had a similar reaction...
  alastair horne, "it's about a woman who should be a great feminist icon..."

ADAM CADRE: orenronen, How's that translation coming along? (No rush. Just curious about what it says.) Thanks—

PAUL S BURGESS: Should have home internet wired up by the end of the day. Nearly there with all the moving stuff...
  Dean, Yes, I am basically a gypsy.

PUMPED: BMX: Adobe Flash Platform, just tweeted my article - amazing coverage, cheers guys.
  Adobe Flash Platform, Also pretty stoked that I actually own a legit copy copy of design suite! *phew*
  Written approximately 10 lines of code so far this evening. Solid 10 lines though.

JON INGOLD: Andrew Plotkin, Liza Daly I actually spent a few minutes trying to decode the empty boxes on my iPhone (face palm)

ADAM CADRE: Harry Altman, Okay, I sent a ticket to the support desk.

LIZZIESTARK: Get ready for American Freeform on demand at
  Catch me and awesome people talking about Community management at noon in room 210. We promise to set the room on fire.

PUMPED: BMX: Tinhead, Not heard of that one. I think squarespace is supposed to be good, not free though...

LIZZIESTARK: Want to help playstorm two brand new freeform games tonight from 10pm to 12? Meet outside Games on Demand at 945!

ADAM CADRE: Harry Altman, The problem should be fixed as of 12:12 p.m. (It was a DDoS attack on an upstream provider.)

JON INGOLD: The phrase "tired freemium model" appeared in a @pocketgamer review today. I'm so happy to see that model getting tired.
  Jennifer, Or plain "broke"

OXFORD INDIES: Lunch? All Bar One? 1pm (It should stop raining by 11-12pm)

LIZZIESTARK: Theater lessons for RPGs! Come learn tips and tricks. Room 211. Noon
  Aaah! I just got to say hi to Margaret Weiss down at booth 1619! Vividly remember reading the Deathgate Cycle as a teen!
  Shoshana Kessock, yes. Yes there were. To borrow the Swedish term, krankt!
  bryant paul johnson, I wish it were a jerkform, but alas, it's part of the reality of our culture.
  Emily Care Boss, Kira Magrann terryhope Jmstar love it!
  bryant paul johnson, I wish!
  Have now been asked twice who I am cosplaying as. Um, myself?
  Tom Meagher, maybe it just means I've achieved a certain level of sartorial self-parody...
  Jmstar, 's favorite rpg: Archipelago! Overheard at
  @Film_or_Movie, no! But it looks cool. I know some folk who game via Google Hangout.

ADAM CADRE: This check I just received has a divide by zero error on it.

PUMPED: BMX: I just did a backflip one foot can-can to can-can lander (to face) in Pumped 2. Challenge: someone do that for real.

LIZZIESTARK: Curious about larp? Learn the latest about the US scene, from growing franchises, to edu-larp and the Nordic invasion. 11am rm 211
  Emily Care Boss, it's a great game. Spread the John Milton love!
  Jess Banks, what was that awesome Medieval site you were talking about yesterday?

PUMPED: BMX: mike paton, Hell yeah! Good find!

PAUL S BURGESS: Well... it sounds like an extremely passionate Spanish football fan lives above my new flat... D:

LIZZIESTARK: Maybe American freeform should just be called freedomform? Musings on the way home from
  Graham Walmsley, (take it up with Jmstar Emily Care Boss Evan Torner Epidiah Ravachol etc)

ADAM CADRE: orenronen, Looks great - thanks very much!

LIZZIESTARK: matthijs1000, neutral dust portent Jmstar Evan Torner Emily Care Boss Epidiah Ravachol Graham Walmsley it's easy and fun! Just follow these three steps...
  matthijs1000, neutral dust portent Jmstar Evan Torner Emily Care Boss Epidiah Ravachol Graham Walmsley 1: love liberty. I mean, erotically.
  matthijs1000, neutral dust portent Jmstar Evan Torner Emily Care Boss Epidiah Ravachol Graham Walmsley 2: live in the "real America"
  matthijs1000, neutral dust portent Jmstar Evan Torner Emily Care Boss Epidiah Ravachol Graham Walmsley 3: poke players with sharp sticks. Use tear vial.
  Evan Torner, Emily Care Boss Jmstar we are legion.
  Cara Ellison, A small note about the boobjam article: though I wrote The Curse in Danish freeform style, I'm totally American!
  Cara Ellison, Thanks for the kind words. The Danish thing just felt weird, since I'm part of the burgeoning American Freeform design movement.
  Cara Ellison, Keith Stuart If so, great, if not -- no worries. When I wrote Jenn Frank I included the Danish tag because more designers know it.
  Cara Ellison, Nordic larp/freeform is influencing US indie designers. We are reaching critical mass...we think.
  Cara Ellison, I playtested two American freeform games at GenCon &amp; ran two of my own.
  Cara Ellison, We are still in the beginning stages, but I think the movement is growing. We are working hard to encourage new authors and GMs.
  Cara Ellison, Awesome. We'd love it!
  Keith Stuart, Cara Ellison Awesome. Many thanks!

PAUL S BURGESS: May have just spent this whole evening playing Sims 3. What.

ADAM CADRE: Tim Bumpus, There is something to that - no one in the IF version is drawn particularly deeply. (cont'd)
  Tim Bumpus, The Alley in the novel (in progress) is more nuanced. Still saintly, but realistically saintly.

JON INGOLD: Talk done! Time to enjoy Cologne!

LIZZIESTARK: Scott Smith, Dude. Mandolins do not mess around. I've suffered a few emergency room trips myself. Now we have a chainmail glove!
  Daniel Solis, a) awesome b) because I am not cool enough to be into awesome things.
  Friends, Romans, countrymen: Sure, I'm a writer. But did you also know I'm a crack freelance copyeditor offering competitive rates?
  Scott Smith, Mmmm. The sweet taste of pain.

JON INGOLD: Joe Köller, good to meet you!
  Just lost Joseph Humfrey to the words "would you like to come in the truck".
  Gnome, I did say that, but in the context of a digital screen - and showed by example a dense PowerPoint slide.
  Gnome, np. Was a little out of context…!

PAUL S BURGESS: I'm avoiding politics tweeting. But yeah. There's a lot of extremely troubling shit going on lately.

ADAM CADRE: katherine morayati, "Do I really have to spend 300 words explaining to the reader who Lady Gaga is at this point?" You do to me.
  ToddInTheShadows, I believe it's called the nominative absolute.

LIZZIESTARK: Susan Orlean, at least people are still thinking about poetry.

PAUL S BURGESS: Origin sale! Let's see. Mass Effects... 1: £3, 2: £3, 3: £6. ME Trilogy... £20. HMMMM.

JON INGOLD: To wit, this game is well done. Great use of causal game mechanics; nicely paced story with good choices; beautifully put together.
  (Tea For Three -- have you seen Everlove on the App Store? You should take a look)

PUMPED: BMX: Rules to display trick names intuitively - more complicated than you'd imagine!

JON INGOLD: Alex Warren, Well done!

PAUL S BURGESS: No I haven't got my idea yet. Standard.
  I'm going to try making a sort of endless runner thing. I'm not sure how this will go.

JON INGOLD: Michael Kowalski, I heard this as a teacher 10 years ago: as in, built like a hench man. Genius. Couldn't decode "tonk", tho.
  Michael Kowalski, I guess tonk didn't survive the evolutionary process!

PAUL S BURGESS: Uh-oh I'm trying to move an "immovable" sprite, Flixel no likey this!
  Ah no it was the world bounds thing. Goddam misleading bugs grr.
  Why can't I have the Chvrches album now come on hurry up

ORI AVTALION: Jason McIntosh, It's indeed very buggy. Told me I lost, and when I went to the main screen, it told me it's waiting for you to play.

PAUL S BURGESS: Saturday night charge mode activated. Okay, I can't avoid it any longer. RUN CYCLE DRAWING TIME.
  So I think I'm just going to draw this character from scratch then
  Done for the night. Will be interesting to see if this comes together. Not feeling too bad about it just yet...
  Right, procedurally generating levels that don't suck...
  Come on Jaedong make it worth me slacking off
  Welcome to horrible hack o'clock

JON INGOLD: Rowan Beentje, Andrew Bisgrove that's uncanny
  Blackbar. Nice idea, ambitiously executed. Great initial "what do I do" moment. It pops up the keyboard and says, no, I *mean* it.

PAUL S BURGESS: Oh is THAT the time... balls. To do: game flow (start/end/loop), all audio, make more pretties. Pretties may suffer :(
  I can feel my brain slowing down. Now to squeeze out what I can before collapsing.
  Submitting now D:
  Scott Halsall, Congrats! It's a tough thing to accomplish. I know game jams have helped me as a game dev.

JON INGOLD: Phil Tossell, Is this a tirade against "past Phil"? ;)

PUMPED: BMX: Lovely sunny day and I'm inside programming - the joys of working two jobs.

JON INGOLD: Rule of thumb when writing choice-fiction: I find that if the choice has 3 alternatives - or at least could do - you're on the right track.
  If it's "do that" or "don't do that", then there's usually an obvious "right" answer, and it's much less interesting to play.
  Twofold Secret, Exactly! We used to call this pattern at Playstation "Okay/No thanks". And after "no thanks", you always had to ask *again*..
  The Tin Man, Same as any US TV show… but at least then you get to be beautiful!
  Emily Morganti, Both! If you can only think of 2, they're probably right/wrong; and the reader will suspect as much too.

LIZZIESTARK: Scott Smith, catchphrase: "It's my whey or the highway!"
  Michael Pucci, I suppose that most olfactory magic is, in the real world at least, so it would follow that in larp...

JON INGOLD: It still boggles me, but computer game designers in the past were *just as clever* as they are now
  I suggest, no, QTEs are rubbish because they're totally abstract and arbitrary challenge with no in-game meaning.

PAUL S BURGESS: Considering Indie Speed Run. Sounds cool but having to pay entry... that puts weird pressure on it. What if I'm not happy with the result...
  Matthias Zarzecki, Ah, perfect! Yes I think this helps clarify what I was thinking. Thanks for anticipating my thoughts 9 months ago :P

OXFORD INDIES: Reminded to make an OxfordIndies IRC channel. But how? Does anyone want this noble task?
  Jonathan Whiting, Yeh basically like that.

PAUL S BURGESS: Ｚａｙｎｅ, ...the fuck O_O

JON INGOLD: Lorraine Hopping, well, in fairness, modern game devs do a lot of optimisation to make things run fast enough, which is similar.

PUMPED: BMX: I've got approximately 0% work done this evening.

OXFORD INDIES: Don’t know of any lunch plans today. (v.soon!) Anyone about?

PAUL S BURGESS: Good work party. Talked to some chickens. Much hangover. One week till big-thing-that-I-don't-really-want-to-say-yet happens. Excited!

ADAM CADRE: 5K killed in Syrian civil war every month. 12K killed in Indian traffic. Is the U.S. going to bomb the Indian Ministry of Road Transport?

PAUL S BURGESS: Dirk Heckler, Good to know.

PUMPED: BMX: Noah Krueger, ooh I dunno, it took almost exactly a year, lets be really conservative and say 2 hours a day. so that's around 700 hours...
  , next year.
  Ahmed Kamal, yeah would be cool - not enough hours in the day!

JON INGOLD: Dave Morris, finally reading this; it's a treat. Must admit I'm not tracking health for real tho.
  Dave Morris, a qn, if I may; did you ever consider tracking health qualitatively, using code words - hale, weak - as colour not challenge?
  Dave Morris, heh! I like that: "these are the rules, feel free to ignore". So did publishers/ readers expect some numbers?

ADAM CADRE: katherine morayati, Aspect, not tense
  Dan Schmidt, An even worse thing is people not taking those ten seconds to discover that their brilliant original idea was yours first.

PAUL S BURGESS: I don't know if anyone still uses that website. I only just remembered it existed.

MIKE TREANOR: Whoa, these CS students are smart. But my ego is bigger!
  Simon Ferrari, Wyatt oh no, poetry clues...
  A giant inbrowser pop up just appeared on a link I clicked and all I saw were two buttons asking me if agreed or disagreed. I disagreed.
  You should totally play 868-HACK. And by that I mean it is the most accessible Michael Brough game. And by that I mean... You should check it out
  Ian Bogost, dude, even I am ok paying tribute to the national organized crime syndicate to get the sweet amazon services.
  Whenever you wonder what's going on in DC, I'm your man on the inside.
  Bobby S., Dude.
  Maggie Greene, oh yeah? I just got to attend an affirmative action meeting. Beat that!
  Maggie Greene, yeah, I'm on like a million search committees this semester.
  I totally play "drunk dwarf" sitar on the song this dude made.

OXFORD INDIES: Kevin Nolan, Let me know of anything that’s been planned.

PAUL S BURGESS: Okay. Today has been my last day at NaturalMotion. I will imminently become a full-time independent games developer. Can't wait.
  I've wanted to do this for ages and feel that now is the time, and that I can sustain it long enough to be worthwhile. Here's to the future!
  Ed Key, Hi Ed, well remembered! I'll be staying in Oxford forseeably but I pop up on occasion. Not sure of any indies up there... hm.
  Karina Margole, Hey Karina! Thanks!! :)
  Rushil Shetty, Hehe, thanks Rushil! No pressure, right... :)
  Ed Key, Cool, will do!

MIKE TREANOR: Schmucks everywhere. I hate to hate (only a little) but its true.
  "I've got the combinatorial narrative blues" - Aaron Reed (Aaron Reed)

PAUL S BURGESS: Jonathan Whiting, I know right! Feels good! That sounds like a plan, really is about time I turned up to one of those.

MIKE TREANOR: Leaving flex/as3 for js/html5 has seriously been a leap of faith. All you js nerds better be right!
  And CSS is atrocious. Like seriously gross.
  And powerful or whatever, but gross.
  Emily T, Dave Mark fps is WAY overrated (says the ai researcher)

JON INGOLD: So in short, it's just a phone. There are these guys who make them.
  Dave Addey, congratulations!
  Diogo Neves, i guess you're right - except my daughter, who is made out of special magic dust
  Alex Warren, For me, it was the smoothness of the integration of the OS. I found Android quite bitty and not consistent.
  Alex Warren, stupid things, like not always picking up on phone numbers in text

PUMPED: BMX: Paul S Burgess, Congrats on making the jump!

PAUL S BURGESS: Pumped: BMX, Thanks! Here goes nothing :)

JON INGOLD: Suzey, You have to try and block her voice out. Don't do what she says and don't do the opposite. Do what you would have done yesterday.
  Suzey, hmm. Academic degree is partly because of the Other Parent, yknow. Whose advice is often better.
  Suzey, ... But like, ah, ok. Isn't German quite straight forward though? (He says, ducking for cover)

ADAM CADRE: It occurred to me that having the Flintstones advertising Cocoa Pebbles in 2013 is like having Ernie Kovacs on every box of Froot Loops.

PAUL S BURGESS: Jonathan Whiting, Oxford Indies Sounds good! Count me in.

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Nice, I'll try and come along and say hello!

JON INGOLD: Daniela Molina, no problem! Glad to help!

PUMPED: BMX: Ian Mode7Games, Spilt Milk Studios I was going to watch... probably going to give it a miss now. Not into torture porn before 5.
  Spilt Milk Studios, Ian Mode7Games Andrew Roper ha! will tune in for my daily fix then.
  Way too much Friday 13th stuff going on today. I might hide in a closet.
  But it'll probably fall over trapping me inside.
  Oxford Indies, agh can't make it! silly day job. will make next week 100%.

OXFORD INDIES: Have table upstairs at Nosebag.

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Sorry I couldn't make it, was looking forward to it!

OXFORD INDIES: Pumped: BMX, Next time! Will set a date for a monthly evening thing soon.

PAUL S BURGESS: Card Hunter 400-strong login queue ewwww :(

MIKE TREANOR: After tonight my mom has played two video games: Pong and Super Luigi U.

PUMPED: BMX: Just updated to Unity Technologies 4.2.1… Nothing is broken! Phew.

PAUL S BURGESS: Seeing Jaedong give his English conversation demonstration at Dreamhack... actually crying a bit with laughter. "...are you OK? I'm OK"

SQUINKY: I can't tell you how excited I am to have found a napping couch.

PUMPED: BMX: Casserole in the oven, bottle of red, film and some light coding. Saturday night sorted.
  I feel like a grownup.
  New Emerica video - insane. Skating is insane.

PAUL S BURGESS: Juuso, One Game A Month Thanks! :)

JON INGOLD: Phil Tossell, I'm a big fan of the MVP idea myself; I think it helps me work out what the hell I'm doing, like writing a first draft.

PUMPED: BMX: Finally updated to Xcode 5 - lots and lots of issues with Pumped 1. Joy.
  Problem solved. Set UIViewControllerBasedStatusBarAppearance to NO in info.plist, all issues disappear!

JON INGOLD: Naomi, nothing bad ever happens to the protagonist at all?
  Phil Tossell, Yeah, I wouldn't release an MVP. But I do like to get coverage and then step back and think.
  Phil Tossell, Oh, but maybe if you're making a tool/utility, releasing then upgrading makes more sense?

SQUINKY: Deep Seed, A conference.

PAUL S BURGESS: joshuasmyth, Thanks!
  Dan Haslop, Damn, you're quick. Cheers Dan! That was definitely where a lot of attention went.

SQUINKY: q0rtbot stanton, AWWW I miss you too. &lt;3
  It is a truth universally acknowledged that the best parts of Indie Game: The Movie were the scenic establishing shots of Santa Cruz.
  Alex Myers, Thanks! So glad I got to see you and your talk!
  Scott Madin, Heh, I was similarly exhausted and out of it all weekend. No worries! Glad to see you again too.

PAUL S BURGESS: Electrical inspection man appears to have kindly killed my oven, so tonight I will dine on Cup a Soup.

SQUINKY: Samantha Allen, Glad I got in on the fun! :D
  Grand Theft Auto? Didn't that game already come out like 10 years ago?
  Mashed Tortuga&Gravy, Now I want to play the original text-only version of GTA.

JON INGOLD: Leigh Alexander, um, aren't bonk-a-thon romance books a popular female power fantasy? Not a good one, but GTA isn't exactly positive for men
  SxcVince, Leigh Alexander I think "two guys like you but which will you pick?" is pretty common
  GTA seems to be impressive purely for the sheer scale of its callousness

SQUINKY: Onesimus Kain, It was already the coolest school. :D

PAUL S BURGESS: Well that was a solid 90 minutes of messing with coordinate transformations &gt;_&lt;

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, Did we agree that day? or agree to choose anything? I forget?
  Jonathan Whiting, Ah. I thought the onus was on me to suggest a date so I went with the first Wed of the month.
  Jonathan Whiting, I see.How about third Monday of each month? So 21st October? Bit more space to do both if desired.

SQUINKY: Best start to a morning: sipping coffee in bed with a kitty on one's lap.

JON INGOLD: Andrew Plotkin, phew. Pocket Storm is required in my household for my daughter to sleep.
  Hmm. iOS 7 seems to make twitter push random notifications to my lock screen.

SQUINKY: Listening to live jazz and someone just impersonated a Miles Davis-esque trumpet using only their voice.
  Today I'm being taken on an ice cream crawl in the East Bay. Exciting!
  Dan Fabulich, I tried the basil there. It was good.
  Today's ice cream flavours so far: basil, cardamom, chocolate hazelnut (non-dairy), Vietnamese cinnamon, salted caramel.
  Now at a puzzle party. All the ice cream made my brain all foggy and slightly ineffective.
  No really, who killed the sauce in the dining room?

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, Did you have a location in mind for 24th Sep drinks? Jericho Tavern?

SQUINKY: I finally slept in today for the first time in like 2 weeks.

PAUL S BURGESS: Geoffrey White, I'm thinking my constellation-picking one from a while back. Unless I change my mind again. But I don't think I will...

LIZZIESTARK: ImAThoughtExperiment, I have read the scripts. They are pretty epic!

SQUINKY: Mattie Brice, *raises hand*
  Mattie Brice, Yeah! Seems like it might be more sustainable and less SUPERINTENSE than Kickstarter/Indiegogo.

PUMPED: BMX: John Z, Haha, not my current target platform but I'll definitely be keeping an eye on it!
  Claire Abrieux, Have sent Arnaud an email explaining, apologies I only just saw this tweet!

LIZZIESTARK: ImAThoughtExperiment, Sounds like fun! Do you know about Alexandria.dk already too? Scenarios from the Danish tradition, including some in English.

JONATHAN WHITING: Ricky Haggett, Pat Ashe A bomb-centric approach to clearing out the black market while avoiding direct shopkeeper combat.

JON INGOLD: Andrew Rhomberg, a bad plot will break your book, sure. But plenty of good fantasy has little or no plot. Lotr, for instance

JONATHAN WHITING: Some object lessons from my afternoon: CPU fans don't work when primarily dust. CPU fans don't work when you forget to plug them back-in.
  Oxford Indies, Simon Roth Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX Ian Mode7Games Mode 7 I'm in (obviously, having suggested it).

JON INGOLD: Dave Morris, I should say, I sort of meant a conversation as in a back-and-forth, not as in an actual chat. Though in F that was very cool

PAUL S BURGESS: Jonathan Whiting, Oxford Indies Simon Roth Richard Fine Pumped: BMX Ian Mode7Games Mode 7 Indeed! I'll be there.
  Today I discovered being full-indie unlocks a whole new tier of awkward barber small talk. At least she clearly wasn't really listening.

JONATHAN WHITING: Paul S Burgess, Hah, yep. My answer to "what do you do?" is certainly a lot more complicated than it was last year.

PAUL S BURGESS: Jonathan Whiting, Ha, yeah exactly.

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Simon Roth Jonathan Whiting Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Ian Mode7Games Mode 7 Why not eh! I'll be the tall blond guy.

JONATHAN WHITING: Pumped: BMX, Oxford Indies Simon Roth Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Ian Mode7Games Mode 7 Hah, great! I'm the tall blond guy that isn't you :)

PAUL S BURGESS: Dan Haslop, Christ. My sympathies.

ORIHAUS: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, I love your cameo in the latest episode!
  Aevee Bee, Satirising aimless satire would be really good satire of American culture actually. Hahaha, I'm not actually being serious.
  Horse_eBooks conspiracy idea: It actually is a spambot, the Buzzfeed guys just bought it from its original owner for use in self promotion.

OXFORD INDIES: Out back at Jericho tavern.
  A most satisfactory binge.

JONATHAN WHITING: skeldof, I think you ran past me on the Thames path, realised too late to say anything. Was getting kinda dark out.

LIZZIESTARK: ImAThoughtExperiment, There's only one solution: start writing your own games and publishing them!

PUMPED: BMX: Paul S Burgess, Just had a little play with Stargazing, very nice!

PAUL S BURGESS: Pumped: BMX, Oh hey, thanks!

JONATHAN WHITING: Blessed bacon, release me from this mild weekday hangover. A good Oxford Indies pub meet last night :-)

JON INGOLD: Iain Merrick, I think this is a great idea. Reveal the stock market to be a massive game of rock/paper/scissors

SQUINKY: I am drinking non-trendy dark roast coffee that doesn't taste of acidity. This pleases me.

ORIHAUS: Adam Rothstein, Holden: "You see a tortoise, belly aching in the hot sun." Leon: "What's a"

JON INGOLD: Surely something can be done to make iSpelling less fucking surreal. "See you tinier owl," indeed.

ORIHAUS: direlog, Exhibition of tangible longing (Suspiciously empty human shaped jar of lucite, 2523)
  Michael Brough, Darius Kazemi The Dadification of AI.
  Nein., People have put forward lots of ideas for Zeppelin armor lately, but I got to say making them out of imagination is the best.

LIZZIESTARK: apehaer, Curious writer.

SQUINKY: Thinking about the surprising directions in which I want to take my music performance from here on out.
  Mashed Tortuga&Gravy, Oh, please. Not THAT surprising. :P

MIKE TREANOR: I was just shockingly refreshed reading an article on the hospitality industry's use of manipulative gamification in their rewards programs.
  It was so honest and sincere and connected to reality. Not so much the case with "games for *" games.

JONATHAN WHITING: Alastair Aitchison, It's meant to be a cat.

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, It's not enough to simply exit, we must nuke it so hard it's burning crater serves as a warning for all history! Ahem, meow meow
  Devine Lu Linvega, We cats know these things.
  Aevee Bee, You'd like it, it's basically 'Cutie Culture' the game! No attack action, but multiple cuddle ones.

ADAM CADRE: Alexis Kennedy, Glad you like it!

MIKE TREANOR: New media is stone age. We like our media so fresh it is still in the oven.

SQUINKY: Scott Madin, Same.

PAUL S BURGESS: Props to Valve for trying to innovate in a meaningful way. Not totally convinced by that controller yet, but still.
  Dirk Heckler, It won't replace keyboard/mouse, but as a gamepad for console-style play it's interesting.

MIKE TREANOR: Mark Riedl, Awesome. I just layered a bunch on top of one another :)

ORI AVTALION: Michael Brough, Is that one good game worth the 231 hours leading up to it?

MIKE TREANOR: Alex J. Champandard, Many old concepts have yet to be utilized in games in interesting ways!

ADAM CADRE: Dear ice cream truck: It is too soon to be playing "Silent Night." SEPTEMBER 27 IS TOO SOON

ORIHAUS: He's right about the game requiring a constant balancing act between 'Important' and 'Extraneous' items and not fully pulling it off, but-
  I'd argue the very decision to create structured narrative in a non-linear environment creates these tensions, they did the best they could.
  The logical next step would be to forget structure, resolution, twists; things 20th century writers have had a lot of fun destroying already
  Noticed about a lot of exploration games have been about discovering the past non-linearly from a still point in time. Why not flip this?
  Say, a historian researching a massive event in the past over a period of several decades watching the ramifications of said event unfold.
  Groping The Elephant, Oh wow! Yea, this is the sort of thing I was thinking of. I like how the first article I found about it mentioned 'Hypertext'.
  Historical exploration games are another thing I'd like to see more of, just seems such a natural combination.

JONATHAN WHITING: Hayden Scott-Baron, I'm keen to know what you think of it. It is an interesting game, I almost liked it a lot, but ultimately didn't like it very much.

ADAM CADRE: M. Kersteen, I'll need some context.
  M. Kersteen, There it means that instead of making succinct, concrete points, I stretched out a vague, inchoate idea for page after page.
  M. Kersteen, Yeah, not so much "a big deal" as a long one. E.g., the assignment was to write a five-page paper and I had a one-sentence idea.

ORIHAUS: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, If Goblet Grotto can't come to Indiecade, maybe they could bring Indiecade to Goblet Grotto!
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, Dozens of George Clooni adamantly watching your talk as skeletons slowly devour them.
  Oh wow, is Rand Miller doing a talk with Auriea. at Indiecade for Myst's 20th. Really interesting paring, hope it finds its way online!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: @janerowdy, Thank you for taking the time to say that. Much appreciated.

LIZZIESTARK: Jason Pitre, Quite possibly, yes. But you'll get your stuff months earlier, if we just mail it!

PAUL S BURGESS: Reckon I'll do a meaty blog post in the morning. MEATY. Want to get a lot done in the next few weeks.

JONATHAN WHITING: Hayden Scott-Baron, Yes! Good for developers too. I have 13 vibratable devices on my desk &lt;tedious joke here&gt;, none clever enough to recognize this.
  Hayden Scott-Baron, Only 3 types, but yeah, 13 controllers. There's another 5 hiding in this room somewhere.
  A door-to-door fishmonger (is that a thing?) just asked me if my mum and dad were in. I am 28. Surreal, hilarious and a little depressing.

SQUINKY: Iron Curtain (8-bit), Since I got a phone that records videos, which was last month!

MIKE TREANOR: Seriously, the bar just got raised in the VGM scene. Eat this OCR suckaz!
  Bobby S., I played sitar on the drunk dwarf village song.
  Bobby S., I will definitely be there if I am in town. I'm still figuring out my holiday plans.
  We didn't "find the fun" nearly early enough with Prom Week.
  But to our credit, finding fun isn't easy!
  Ben Samuel, THAT WAS REALLY FUN!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn Andrich, Court Want me to bring it?
  Shawn Andrich, Court happy with the gameplay.

ADAM CADRE: Jearl, How is Crango getting along with your new gatitos

PAUL S BURGESS: Woo my second posting on FreeIndieGames ^_^ Nice start to the day.

JONATHAN WHITING: Porting the green rainbow.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Cory Banks, Lara Crigger Don't Stop Believin' just came on Pandora. Thinking of you two.
  Ian Tyrrell, Colby Dauch Number 2 on hotness? That's surprising. More coffee and rule edits for me!
  IronWall Games celebrates its first birthday today. A special thank you to the US Government for closing in our honor.

MIKE TREANOR: OK, I finally get CSS. Jesus.

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, I am the orb in the sepulchre.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Scott Berkhimer, IT SAYS DO NOT OPEN

ADAM CADRE: Johnny Knittle, Yep, I'm the one who brought your sister her homework when she had the chicken pox. What's up?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: WeaponsgradeTabletop, I would like it to be awesome as well. For a lot of reasons.
  Court, Steve Rumney I loved that line.

PAUL S BURGESS: I think FreeIndieGam.es is the original source of about 25% of my website's views ever from 2 posts. (Not quite) (But not that far off)

ADAM CADRE: Johnny Knittle, For the last few years I've basically been Jesse Pinkman, except for screenplays instead of meth.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Troy Goodfellow, You can.
  Troy Goodfellow, Can't find it now but I totally blocked inane invites from some guy.
  Troy Goodfellow, Yeah, no idea how to find it again.

JONATHAN WHITING: v21, Douglas Wilson Bennett Yep. With George on this. Also, bear in mind de-coroutining is main reason a more direct Joust port was not very viable.
  Douglas Wilson, v21 Bennett Hah, wrote previous tweet and then twitter refreshed with this one x)

JON INGOLD: Properly excited about the new gameplay mechanic in Sorcery! 2. It's finally in the game, and I think people are going to be surprised…
  This particular mechanic was mostly prototyped at 3am with the help of a newborn baby, so it's a miracle it works, too
  Marius Müller, Well, she shouted and slept a fair bit, but mostly, gave me a long period of time with nothing to do but talk to myself

MIKE TREANOR: The good life: programming a game I've been sitting on for years, teaching AI, making VGM reggae.

ORIHAUS: Henk Boom, Aevee Bee Black v Black Morality is an important concept, but finesse is absolutely needed for the outcome to not be horrific

PUMPED: BMX: Coady MacMillan, Sounds like a bug to me, will have a look!
  Just smashed through a piece of functionality I thought would take me all week. Good feeling.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Matthew Rogers, This is my public Twitter account. The other is largely defunct.
  Cory Banks, Julian Murdoch Court Shawn Andrich ElysiumGWJ Chris Robert Zacny Changes how I have to groom.

JONATHAN WHITING: Sos Sosowski, This is literally what I do for a living.

ADAM CADRE: emshort, "I'm not giving you a tip. Not to be mean, but you're not good at keeping your assholery to yourself. Now if I were Fox News..."

ORIHAUS: janejohndoe, Thanks! Procedurally generated, but not in real-time.

JONATHAN WHITING: Pat Ashe, Jonathan Whiting hit reply but then discarded his response after realizing it wasn't funny enough to bother.

PAUL S BURGESS: Superlevel is an awesome site. Even if reading it for me is an awkward translation minefield.

JON INGOLD: Ben Musgrave, thanks! it's a lot of fun to work on (although my fingers are dropping off right now)

ORIHAUS: Laurie Penny, First as selfie, then as farce- or stimulating intellectual conversation, hopefully!
  transceiverfreq, Thanks! I'm uploading a clip of it right now should be up in a bit.

JON INGOLD: Michael Conniff, Sounds interesting, and hi! How long was the novel?

JONATHAN WHITING: Finally, first time confronting King Yama. A clumsy vampire scuffle and a bonk on the head soon saw me off. Next time Spelunky, next time!
  Pat Ashe, That was only my fourth time in hell, feels a pretty major victory just getting there. Made it to the City of Gold yet?
  The feeling of being completely unable to solve the puzzle you made (and solved) 10 minutes ago.

ADAM CADRE: katherine morayati, Just scream "I WILL NOT BE MOCKED!" Malkovich-style — should end things posthaste

SQUINKY: Eek I'm leaving for IndieCade tomorrow!

JONATHAN WHITING: CMRN KNZLMN, have you read Cole Louison - The Impossible? If not if definitely recommend it.

OXFORD INDIES: Any lunch plans afoot?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn Andrich, I keep getting a GWJ "private message notice" email every morning, even though there are no new messages. Can't unsubscribe. FYI.
  Robert Zacny, ElysiumGWJ Court I knew being last one in would be tough.

LIZZIESTARK: Lindy West, loved your piece on poop. Did you know the technical term is "transpoosion"?

ORIHAUS: Chris Priestman, Whoa, what's this?

SQUINKY: The Friends of Dominique Pamplemousse have made it to LA in one piece. Onward to IndieCade tomorrow!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jenn S., Court Shawn Andrich ElysiumGWJ Cory Banks Robert Zacny @gwjrabbit No big deal either way. Not as corpoarte now.

ORIHAUS: Chris Priestman, Thanks! I've heard of this, though I've never gotten it to run. Are you on a new version?
  Chris Priestman, Awhh, same issue - doesn't like 64 bit. :&lt; DOSBox can't really run it either. Thanks anyway!
  Chris Priestman, Working!

LIZZIESTARK: About to start runs of Summer Lovin' and the Tribunal.

ORIHAUS: Sean Hogan, "To be, or not to be, that is the question." - Solid Snake (Othello, 1965, Apple Pippin)

SQUINKY: Outdoor games festivals. Good because less echoey; bad because oof it's hot out.
  ᏚᎬᏀ, We can hold them in the Pacific Northwest and give everyone gothbrellas.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Court, Soon. Very soon we shall revel and feast.

SQUINKY: There is more than one accordionist at IndieCade. I am happy.
  Well, that was a jolly lark. More fun tomorrow!
  Jasmine Hruschak, Haaaay. The pleasure was all mine!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Court, On the plane in CT. Long miles and hours but it's starting.
  Off to Lake Tahoe for a buddy gaming cooking hiking vacation. SeaFall is packed and ready to be put through its paces.

SQUINKY: Maybe that nutella espresso I had yesterday evening wasn't such a great idea after all...

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: The jaunty piano instrumental version of Blurred Lines playing over the airplane speakers is quickly eroding my sanity.

MIKE TREANOR: Code question: I'm trying to use Knockoutjs and jquery ui's buttonset. It doesn't work. Why? Should I be using something better for binding?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Painfully boring layover at LAX wrapping up. Next stop: Lake Tahoe.

SQUINKY: And that was IndieCade! Good times.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Hahnarama, long layover in LA.

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, Renaud Bédard Oh my gah!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Slept as late as I could out west while still on east coast time: 6 am.
  Cool dream. I was pulled out of retirement to pitch one more game. At Yankee Stadium. Opposing pitcher? My daughter, making her MLB debut.
  Jeb Adams, Nope. It was contract work for a client. Can’t really promote it. Glad you like it.
  Jeb Adams, Thanks. Just swung by the site to see the threads. Happy to answer any rules questions that may pop up.
  Seth Sivak, Good point. Hard to convey the whole dream in 140 characters.

JONATHAN WHITING: Oxford Indies, Hah, yeah, that was my doing. Well spotted :-)

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, If you turn the dial on the top of you can adjust the volume, just don't press the switch on the base!
  Zander ⅕, Devine Lu Linvega They're currently $3.141592653589793238462643383279502884197169399- from your local Methamondsth Conclave, so buy now!

MIKE TREANOR: Mike Geyser, hanli geyser I finally did get jqueryui and knockout happy together. I was doing something stupid... It's pretty slick now!

SQUINKY: Iron Curtain (8-bit), The definition of "game" is oversimplistic to me. I can see how it works for the author, but it's not my personal approach.

ADAM CADRE: People outside are chanting "Save the Albany Bulb!" Also, they are mispronouncing "Albany."

JONATHAN WHITING: Chris Lord, Not me, no. Didn't show anything last night. Had to think in case I'd made something fitting the description before, don't think so.
  Richard Fine, Improving the api. Obviously that's way too general to be useful though.
  State of Play Games, Not sure, maybe the link between music and gameplay is under-demonstated. It feels different when you know it's a music game?

ORIHAUS: Ashley Brown, Thanks!

LIZZIESTARK: J. Walton, Jess H. Jon Peterson Sounds cool, but what book?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jeb Adams, answered the last post. Are there further questions upstream? Also, on iPhone so answers were brief. Sorry about the terseness.

PAUL S BURGESS: Them Beyond: Two Souls reviews are definitely what you would call "mixed", huh...
  Finally finally got my NGUI scaling as desired. Oh man that was doing my head in.

JON INGOLD: Neil Avery, Did they make an Android version of Year Walk? I can't remember.
  Jamie Thomson, just remember to print more cartridges before your cartridge runs out

ADAM CADRE: Someone outside is whistling the third movement of Mahler's 1st Symphony

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Mike Chuck, Honest question. Do you see yourself more as Dr Horrible or Captain Hammer?

SQUINKY: If I ever run a startup, my job postings won't ask for rockstar programmers; they'll ask for classically trained programmers.
  emshort, Always!

JONATHAN WHITING: Kyle Reimergartin, yeah, super great! Feels odd that I don't hear more people going crazy for it.

ORIHAUS: Anne Ferrero, Thanks for the tweet! Any way I could view a video of the stream, so I can see how you got on?
  Anne Ferrero, Thanks!

OXFORD INDIES: Lunch tomorrow? How about Thirsty Meeples? Simon Roth Jonathan Whiting Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX

JONATHAN WHITING: Oxford Indies, Simon Roth Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX I've already suggested Cafe Coco on Facebook, was going to cc today.
  Oxford Indies, Simon Roth Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX I *will* be at Thirsty Meeples tonight (from 8pm-ish) if anyone wants to hang out

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, Simon Roth Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX Cafe Coco tomorrow sounds good. I might be up for Meeples tonight as delivery tmmrw.

JONATHAN WHITING: Alan Hazelden, Michael Brough Pat Ashe Fernando Ramallo I can no longer do the full week, but would actually be keen on the 19th+20th weekend.

PAUL S BURGESS: I need to split this XML file up at some point, it is fast getting out of control...

MIKE TREANOR: Yes! Sold. RT NYU Game Center Would you like to share a weekend with some of the most intelligent minds in game design? Join us for PRACTICE!
  Hey, what's with the lack of Chili's Grill & Bar  in DC? No wonder the gov shut down.

LIZZIESTARK: Eleanor Saitta, I am an idiot.

JONATHAN WHITING: Michael Brough, I refuse to succumb to violence! It looks like v21 said yes first, so he has first refusal.

LIZZIESTARK: Scott Smith, Eleanor Saitta If you're intrigued, then you'll love Chapter 4 of my forthcoming book PANDORA'S DNA, in which I take on patent law.
  Scott Smith, Eleanor Saitta One expert said patent law is the geekiest possible discipline: all the geekery of science, plus arcane legal rules.
  J. Walton, It looks cool! I have another book to finish this fall, though, and no one has asked me. :)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Mike Chuck, Julian Murdoch we were casting the show with our friends.

JONATHAN WHITING: A pleasant evening at Thirsty Meeples playing Tsuro and Ticket to Ride. Nice to finally get round to playing the later.

MIKE TREANOR: I could have been Neil Diamond. It could have been me...
  The discourse around people trying to make expressive/social impact/art/whatever games is completely screwed up.
  Though, I'm sure it is no worse than any other medium.

EMSHORT: mean queen machine, for me too. thanks again for coming over to see me, it was restful and really nice to talk

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Jonathan Whiting Simon Roth Richard Fine Paul S Burgess No lunch for me. Are people going to Explay? I see you're talking Simon Roth...

JONATHAN WHITING: Alex Pounds, The second rule of Contradiction Club is Contradiction Club can only have one rule.

OXFORD INDIES: Alexander Erlich, Of course! Jonathan Whiting
  Alexander Erlich, Jonathan Whiting For better or worse, no one has had a problem finding us before. :)

PAUL S BURGESS: A delightful merguez pizza lunch with the Oxford Indies, now Imma get down to some arting :D

ORIHAUS: Michael Brough, Aevee Bee Nice! It's weird to be frightened by your own work isn't' it?

JONATHAN WHITING: Alexander Erlich, Hey, was nice to meet you :-)
  Particularly energetic discussion at Oxford Indies lunch today. Good stuff :-)

PAUL S BURGESS: Latest Killers video is far, far too cute. D'aww :3
  That moment when you realise you've made your UI look like a Milk Tray box.

JONATHAN WHITING: Paul S Burgess, I'm struggling to imagine how a UI could look like that, it sounds intriguing.

PAUL S BURGESS: Jonathan Whiting, heh, I guess it's in the deep purple/blue colours and shiny box elements I suddenly found myself thinking: chocolate!

JONATHAN WHITING: I swear that creating a decent settings screen can be at least as intricate and involved as hand-coding good platformer physics.
  .. and if you do a really amazing job the best you can hope for is that few people will complain about it.

SQUINKY: Those moments where you fall asleep reading and then wake up and don't remember reading that part.

EMSHORT: David Emanuel Oprea, iversity Didn't know before, but cool.

JONATHAN WHITING: Curious that my first successful Spelunky hell run was the game I interrupted post black market to have dinner.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn Andrich, ElysiumGWJ THERE IS $40 WORTH OF FILET IN THE FRIDGE
  So yeah. Missed my flight. On standby for the next one. Could be a long trip cross country.
  Tyler Bell, Reno. At least there are classy Wheel of Fortune slot machines in the airport.
  Shawn Andrich, Oh my poor, poor boys. (BTW, you could totally eat that raw. You have parsley, mustard, shallot, and egg to make tartare.)
  Hahnarama, 1.25 hours. Delay in getting to airport is what caused this. That, and bad math on my part.
  Tyler Bell, Nice week away with gaming buddies.
  Court, Roger that. I'm feeling confident in the innate goodness of the airline system.
  Shawn Andrich, Daaaaaaamn. Next time I relax and you cook.
  Shawn Andrich, ElysiumGWJ Robert Zacny Either is fine with me. Don't mind cooking. Don't mind not cooking.
  Nicole, I'm rooting against the Dodgers in honor of you.
  Sitting at LAX thinking about how enmity works in SeaFall. Also: watching baseball.
  Nicole, You're welcome. I willed that win.
  Nicole, Yeah. Tough year for you. Like the Red Sox last year.
  So airport bars have just a wee bit of a markup on wine.
  That moment when the kindly old lady at the airport bar launches a vaguely racist anti-immigrant screed.

JONATHAN WHITING: Spelunky Hell Streak: Number of successful daily challenge hell runs, streak is broken when a player dies outright, or a day is missed.
  So a regular victory doesn't score, but doesn't break the streak. Will be incredibly impressed with anyone that can score 5 or even 3.
  Benn Powell, I'm on 0 too, one successful hell run, but it wasn't a daily. It just feels like this should be the ultimate Spelunky challenge.

PAUL S BURGESS: Love the random chaos that apparently determines which transactions my bank decides to decline to keep me safe.

EMSHORT: .Virgin Atlantic even upgraded to exit row, economy seats from SFO to LHR are painfully narrow. I fly us/uk a lot, and this was the worst.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: You know what's fun about a cross country red eye? The next day wherezzzzzzzzzzzzzz
  Shawn Andrich, Cory Banks ElysiumGWJ Robert Zacny I did not put bacon grease in a bottle. I do like the term though.

MIKE TREANOR: I'm way more forgiving of music lyrics than I am of games. I want to play GTA but I can't get over... what its about. Yet, I love Lil Wayne.
  Eric Zimmerman, wait, what!?

ORIHAUS: Aevee Bee, Siege of Viridiangrad

MIKE TREANOR: Eric Zimmerman, All I ever do is talk about how I want to start a game program at U. Honolulu. I knew it wasn't happening though :)

PUMPED: BMX: Juha Kiili, You're send out one of them dodgy DM things my friend :)

MIKE TREANOR: When in Boston, do as the Bostonian's do and... visit the grave of your fav 19 c. individualist anarchist writer.
  Dave Mark, I'm there too. Wanna grab a bev?
  Dave Mark, not that I know of. But I don't know much.
  Ben Samuel, we're in the same city again!!!

ORIHAUS: Meredith Yayanos, Dark Ambien music is my new jam!

PAUL S BURGESS: Maybe I'll skip the dev blog post this week in favour of ploughing ahead. Almost halfway through October already :S

JONATHAN WHITING: 2000th Sportsfriends check-in. Woo?!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Court, Cory Banks Julian Murdoch Shawn Andrich ElysiumGWJ Robert Zacny Chris My liver still isn't speaking to me.

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, Your people need you! You've been away so long Rodrigo Lira is seceding and starting a Merveilles cafe. Without you. :&lt;
  Devine Lu Linvega, Rodrigo Lira It's 90s Hiversaires set in the Renaissance! I just solved the Durer Square and entered the Plato's city of forms.
  Michael Brough, My megacorp killcode is 'Bullshit Aesthetics'.

JONATHAN WHITING: Oxford uni term has begun, which means it's time for me to try and remember how to play Bridge. Should be interesting.

MIKE TREANOR: Dave Mark, on my way to dagger!
  Michael Cook, on my way! Sorry I'm late.
  Dave Mark, oh shit, that was from the movie. I thought you were actually requesting.

ORIHAUS: Henk Boom, mcc Try the Devotress's storyline in Pathologic, or just that game in general - it's exactly what you described at times!
  Henk Boom, mcc It generally is when you're a plague doctor on duty, even with magical healing hands!

JON INGOLD: Mark Hardisty, I destroyed at least two copies this time around

PUMPED: BMX: Unity Asset Store, That autumnal scene looks lovely, but it's also the least scary thing I've ever seen!

JON INGOLD: Andy Farrant, Leigh Alexander of course, the greek economy never recovered

JONATHAN WHITING: I can't believe I still occasionally write "for (int i=0; i++; i&lt;x);" when I mean "for (int i=0; i&lt;x; i++);" pretty silly!
  Niall Moody, I decided it wasn't worth it, and (eventually) completed. Did ruin hell run potential by stupidly using all my bombs before jungle.
  Niall Moody, I'm only willing to upset them pre-market if I know I'll end the exchange with valuable items *and* a decent pile of sticky bombs.

PAUL S BURGESS: Now the owner of an iPhone 5C! First ever iPhone I've owned, but the time had come. Resisted getting the pink one.

MIKE TREANOR: The bathroom here smells strongly of Fruity Pebbles.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: RhymeReply clues, I want to play along and certainly know the end rhyme but am unclear on the rules. Is it freeform? is there a right answer?
  RhymeReply clues, A game where no one cares about beer on the board can only be one risk legacy

JONATHAN WHITING: A gorgeous evenings run up the Thames and back. Port Meadow at sunset. 14 miles, 1h55. Not too shabby for a long 'easy' run.

PUMPED: BMX: Caitlyn Meeks, Unity Asset Store Haha, alright guys I'll believe you!

MIKE TREANOR: Michael Cook, dude, we at Parish.
  Darius Kazemi, Totally. You around now?
  Frank Lantz, I've got an extra bed homie. See you in a few hours.

ORIHAUS: umair haque, Late-Capitalism becoming Late Capitalism.

PUMPED: BMX: Chloe, congrats chaps!
  I get way too excited by Apple events. I need to cut it out.
  Chloe, Yeah but the leaves are pretty.
  Chloe, Sure! How about a relaxing scene with a random train moving through it every 5 minutes or so?
  Chloe, Nah you're on your own there!
  Wish I was at

JON INGOLD: "mingleplayer". That's a damn good word for it.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Chris Klein, That's OK as long as you label it as an opinon piece, and you're open to evidence against or in agreement with it.

PAUL S BURGESS: Getting distracted thinking about possible next project. I suppose this is inevitable.

JON INGOLD: Suzey, yeah, think so

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Robert Zacny, @3ma Julian Murdoch Who titled that show? The pun, it's...majestic.

JONATHAN WHITING: I broke big mug! I liked that mug. I drank countless cups of tea from big mug. Now I only have blue mug, and white horse mug. Sad times :-(
  Michael Brough, Would love to dota with you sometime, working right now though. Well, tweeting while something compiles right now, but yeah.
  Jonathan Brodsky, Michael Brough I don't think so, no. My steam account is "mrpiglet".

EMSHORT: Robert Yang, mean queen machine I will try to figure it out later

PUMPED: BMX: Zoolander and programming. Killing it.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Josh Tsui, Sounds Like George absolutely. Even Frank Capra used him in Mr. Smith.

SQUINKY: I made blinky and noisy things at school today!

ROBERT LOCKHART: Douglas Wilson, just heard from Darius Kazemi there's a WuTang JSJ?! Why was this not brought to Chicago last whenever that was?
  Douglas Wilson, Darius Kazemi Sweet! I'm definitely going to try out Raymond Scott's 'Powerhouse.'

PAUL S BURGESS: Couple of hours sorting this iOS build then I'm off back up to Kendal for the weekend!

EMSHORT: Neil Avery, Sorry :(. I just absolutely have not had enough bandwidth to deal with it myself.

JONATHAN WHITING: Hey Oxford Indies I'll be at the Oxford Beer Festival from 19:30 tonight, come hang out? Also, any ideas for lunch destinations tomorrow?
  Why is that variable the wrong value? No, really there is no way that variable can be that value. WHAT!? IMPOSSIBLE! Oh, wrong variable..

ORIHAUS: direlog, I believe they are referring to Mileane Cyris's 1968 speech: 'Wrecking Ball', extolling the dignity of labor post capitalism.
  direlog, I don't know what the 'music video' part is about though, maybe MTV aired a video of it set to NIN or something.

JONATHAN WHITING: Ricky Haggett, I recently wrote a weirdo custom bubble sort to get Joust graphics working nicely. Felt odd to go back to base principles.
  joon, Ricky Haggett Yeah, bubble sort is not so hot for scalable performance, but plenty of other nice traits.
  Ricky Haggett, Me too! This was the simplest and most direct algorithm I could invent. You should have seen the 'solutions' I threw out.

OXFORD INDIES: Anywhere been suggested for lunch? I’m thinking… /rolls dice Itsu, opened recently on Cornmarket. Jonathan Whiting Simon Roth kenneth turner

JONATHAN WHITING: Oxford Indies, Simon Roth kenneth turner I'm up for that (I've heard positive things, but remain skeptical, so yeah, let's try it and see).
  v21, Ricky Haggett In 7 odd years of coding for money I've written maybe 2-3, all for specific unusual scenarios. Hardly a key skill.

EMSHORT: Martin Hollis, I got hung up on the wrong significant words, then tried a couple other random ones, then gave up due to misinterpretation

ROBERT LOCKHART: How has nobody made a Royal Tenenbaums point-and-click adventure game prequel set in the House on Archer Avenue? barry mendel

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Hahnarama, Wil Wheaton Please tell me I got some credit for it. About 60% of that game is my design.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Mari Smith, It sounds like a combination of MY two favorite things, Barbecue and Procrastination. I kid, I kid.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Julian Murdoch, Hahnarama Wil Wheaton That's heartbreaking. My name was in the first edition and Wotc expunged it in the reprint.
  Rich Sommer, Awesome....wait, are you that shirtless guy from my TV?
  Rich Sommer, And is that expected to be a recurring role?
  Julian Murdoch, Hahnarama Wil Wheaton Sigh. Who does get credit?

JON INGOLD: Yoon Ha Lee, The app version isn't out till Nov 7th (and I'm making it…)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Ben Crossbones, on the contrary, I think the terms have to do with culpability. Laid off: it's the employer's fault. Fired: the employee's.

JON INGOLD: Yoon Ha Lee, me too. I loved Sorcery! It's a dream project.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Julian Murdoch, Hahnarama Wil Wheaton Cool. It was his genius idea. I just polished it.

EMSHORT: AI Game Prog. Guild , @littlebimble @versustories Aw, I miss you too.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Mare Sheppard, Hey, that's not Centipede! (Unless I'm getting served an older version? Mine plays Snake.)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Caroline Pierce ®, That sucks.
  Caroline Pierce ®, Odd, but efficient, place to allocate skill points.

JONATHAN WHITING: wıll thompson, hah, yes, what people don't always say about coding is you spend a great deal of time feeling dumb. What are you up to nowadays?
  Alice O'Connor, People suck at dancing at gigs, to the point that bands have thanked me for actually moving after the show. This is silly!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jake Eakle, Raskable Glaud Michael Brough (But an early s8 siphon'll increase spawnRate a ton—Shld siphon, clear glitch, exit, hope for good geometry)
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud Oh, was assuming it's upon filling, but think yr right. I really should have counted timer steps by now too.
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud In any case, unlikely to make it. S7 bad start spawn luck (from NE corner) meant I spent 30 resource units
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud If it is, I want a separate-list-for-stillrunning-only update! Would be neat to see top 10 currently in play
  Michael Brough, Raskable Glaud Jake Eakle Andrew Doull No, it's great as-is! It does accelerate, just with an initial one-time delay after siphoning.
  Michael Brough, Raskable Glaud Jake Eakle Andrew Doull _Must_ have been on purpose. (One-time delay compensates for siphoning walls making spawns)
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud I guess GC simply won't ever let a game/client replace a score with a lower one?
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud (Turns out you were right the first time. But I still think siphoning the exit was the right thing to do.)
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud Heh (Undo better work to reshuffle middle Vir's pushDir—gets *much* more expensive if it pushes R and not D)
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud Ooh, it pushed down twice on the first try. Now to see if I manipulated these tiny balls of paper correctly.
  Michael Brough, Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud :) I did snag the 7 on the way out. (Hm, probably rare for a turn-based game to feel quite so exhilarating?)
  Michael Brough, Oh, am I sort of cheating by not having updated? Double-DBomb has only come up once since then, and wasn't success-affecting.
  Michael Brough, (Gotten impression from a cryptic tweet that 'cooler' meant _easier_ streak combos but now I see I've misread other cryptic notes)

ROBERT LOCKHART: mathiasx, I saw that, too. I think Kevin Zuhn has already made something with it, correct?

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Got it. That's what I'd gathered. Glad to hear I haven't gotten this far on an easier-than-current build.
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, Congrats! :)

SQUINKY: Whoa, I rode my bike at least 14 miles (22 km!) today and I feel awesome.

MIKE TREANOR: Aleissia Laidacker, Thanks! Sorry we didn't really meet. I enjoyed your talk!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn Andrich, Midnight Sun is mine!

ORIHAUS: Ted Hand, The word processor is good... The pen is evil!

NOBODYWEKNOW: raigan burns, Michael Brough Jake Eakle Raskable Glaud I wish more ppl were posting these sorts of 868 trouble-spots! They're neat to puzzle through.
  raigan burns, (though maybe a bit incomprehensible to someone who doesn't know that, say, ImprovedVirus means it'll take three steps/turn)
  Marico Brunetti, Hey, thanks! That means a lot to me! :)
  Mare Sheppard, Ooh, mysterious.

OXFORD INDIES: Lunch in 30 at Itsu!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Noyb, Did that never get released on PC?
  v21, (Are you successfully running Unity through that? And making iOS builds?)

PAUL S BURGESS: No proper internet up here thanks to phone line issues is proving a little frustrating!

ROBERT LOCKHART: barry mendel, Can't get this idea out of my head. Ever play Sam &amp; Max or Day of the Tentacle?
  Evan Phoenix, James Stubblefield You could even have your commits from 2 weeks ago shown to you automatically. Cool idea.
  Phil Tibitoski, I'm pretty sure Sony would toss one your way if you tagged them in that tweet.
  Ian Schreiber, Christer Kaitila You should do another one for gameplay, where the modern game is one of the thousands of Duke Nukem reskins.
  “John Murphy: Phil Tibitoski Jukio Game Idea: Ramen Legends” The Maruchan Chronicles

PAUL S BURGESS: Dirk Heckler, thanks but nah the line itself is screwed, which unfortunately requires TalkTalk to actually do something.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Greg Wohlwend, Ben Perez Indie City Co-op I wonder how many BTUs I can get out of burning the extra office chairs.

MIKE TREANOR: Just got back and am already in my office about to give a lecture where I perform a proof. God help me.
  Adam M. Smith, Alex Shoulson I don't remember the details, but I promise you it was perfect! Like all things Game-O-Matic makes...

EMSHORT: Naomi Clark, yeah, though (unusually) with pictures

SEAN VANAMAN: Hey, Cookie!, wow! a man named Tim Schafer would like these very much.

PAUL S BURGESS: TalkTalk , It's being looked into in some capacity. Tho I'm pretty sure it needs an engineer's attention, the line noise is severe.

LIZZIESTARK: Chris Bennett, Emily Care Boss Hah. Yes. There shall be only TWO stories told. Space Wars, or Fantasy Wars.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Writer.ly, John Mc Donut with green frosting? Old bagel.

SEAN VANAMAN: Edward Stevenson, Steve Gaynor thanks, man.
  Sindre Opsahl Skaare, almost certainly.

JONATHAN WHITING: The new Stanley Parable is really great, strongly recommended. The new Stanley Parable is terrible, best avoided.
  (honestly though, only the first of those is true)

SQUINKY: Solder like a soldier!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jake Eakle, raigan burns Raskable Glaud Discovered something new tonight: .Undo goes all the way back to prev enemy turn, not prev player action

MIKE TREANOR: Sometimes I wonder if Irene Cara's classic "What a Feeling" oversimplifies what it takes to take your passion and make it happen.

ORIHAUS: Resn, Sent you guys a little something. 'hello [at] resn [dot] co [dot] nz' is the right email? I've had no luck with it so far.
  Michael Brough, Jonathan Blow Less complaints yes, but is it better for the Developers?
  Michael Brough, Jonathan Blow I'd feel much more comfortable knowing what the judges think I should improve on.

OXFORD INDIES: “Waiter, there’s a tip for indie success in my soup.”

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, I get the desire for escalation after MF but suspect too many start positions would be literally impossible? Have you tested 5/6+?
  Michael Brough, (also, I know my earlier impossible-start-situation worries have been shown unfounded, but has anyone tested SMelee+ImprV+MultiT?)
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough My take: best if all luck is at least mitigable—More fun to have 10 StillRunning players than highscores never rereached.
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough But it'd be _more_ prone to GodRun issues if, say, there's a 50/50 chance of 30th game being _patently_ unwinnable?
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough That's true. My take: would unnecessarily reintroduce single-game-highscore's 'problem'. I'm not grinding! I'm surviving!
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough Oh, I see. Yeah, my ideal would solve that by weeding out actually-impossible combos+start-inventory+etc (if even exist?)
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough Oh, I'm possibly extrapolating too much from my current streak. (But w/ more ImprV/MultiT experience I should've known &gt;
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough &gt;that Undo is _way_ more life-saving than Push there, avoiding the dead-if-both-spawn-viruses situ from two days back.)
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough (mentioning because it may be the only(?) time I've hit something _quite_ so obviously luck-dependent)
  Michael Brough, Not very promising! (Realize my values were forged by having limited $ at the arcade—goal was always extending play, never score)
  Jake Eakle, Michael Brough End streaks at 868pts (or after Mainframe) and unlock MainframeStreak mode (starts you off only seeing 3- and 4PU combos)
  In case anyone in NYC is abt to spend two hours figuring out if they have a router or trojan problem: DNS-settings won't help—ISP/area issue
  nobodyweknow, (Symptom is _some_ websites not resolving. So sketchy feeling! Not sure if TimeWarner issue or area-wide.)
  (of course, Twitter is one of the affected sites, so you're only seeing this if you have a smartphone and disconnected it from your router)

SEAN VANAMAN: Greg Brown, fuck you, greg brown. you hear me?
  Cara Ellison, Chris Remo just watch that scene where the joker talks to the mob about killing batman a few dozen times.

EMSHORT: Josh Renaud, Nope, I haven't tried it out. Sounds interesting, though!
  Michael Cook, Aleissia Laidacker LittleBimble Yes, not in public release yet. :)

MIKE TREANOR: The game updating has to stop. I think whatever type gamer I am is the type that plays games as often as updates are released.
  Mark J. Nelson, Ian Bogost more like the wrong proportions in all the right places!
  There I was. Making Luigi run and jump with movements of my fingers and next thing I know my thumb slipped and I was editing a friend list.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Kit Yona, Clay Buchholz really does look like Theon Greyjoy.
  Julian Murdoch, Cory Banks loppypop That’s the burr grinder I have. Beware the bean that spins In the center divot. Drives me fucking nuts.
  Julian Murdoch, Cory Banks loppypop it’s a wine-soaked warning v

SEAN VANAMAN: Sean Ainsworth, Becky GaminArcovitch i like writebox for web and iAwriter for ios
  Becky GaminArcovitch, myluckyseven Sean Ainsworth never used scrivener. i only used cheap stuff

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Phil Carlisle, bridge builder and KSP are too inaccessible. Remember the list is for non-gamers! WoG's theme is silly (does not fit)...

PUMPED: BMX: Louis CK is good Sunday morning viewing.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jake Eakle, raigan burns Raskable Glaud (haven't taken that turn yet—lack of energy on top is a bummer &amp; just not sure about worst-case-scenario)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle part of the point of the games in the list is triggering the thought "I didn't know games could do that!"...
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle ... WoG, with all of its unique and soulful vibe, still feels "gamey" to me in its aesthetic and theme...
  Jan David Hassel, @JurieOnGames no console exclusives! Non gamers don't buy those. Console owners are rare outside first world countries too.
  Phil Carlisle, I did :). The concept of tension is really not easy to grasp and all the variants of Bridge Builder I felt were not good at...
  Phil Carlisle, ... teaching themselves to people that are not trained to think "engineery" (I don't know how to express this better :)
  Jan David Hassel, @JurieOnGames not just spread online! For example, I don't have consoles, I can't show those games to anybody...

NOBODYWEKNOW: Watched Ghostbusters. As kids we just thought camouflage green was the natural US army color scheme. Will kids now think it's desert sand?
  (More so, in a few years will army surplus stores be full of khakis?)
  (Everything was green just because for decades all the surplus stuff was from Vietnam?)

ADAM CADRE: Captain Person, Yes, there will be a thoroughly rewritten second edition available as an ebook next year.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle I agree. But there's a) A problem with the execution of these games that makes them too inaccessible and...
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle b) The curiousities of bridge building is not a subject interesting to most people, enough to overcome problem a)
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle but Bridge Builder is not about building bridges, or the role of bridges in culture. It's about a tension model.
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle my point is, bridges could be more interesting than their structure, but it's not what these games are about.
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle probably, but the road there is surprising and curious.
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle but only if they care to stay long enough. We have to pick what to care about, since most videogames are...
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle ... not a good time investment, I wanted to make a list for those who will give the games a short chance.
  Sean Barrett, Hamish Todd that's its value to us. But defying a narrator is at the same time unique to games and universally comprehensible.
  Sean Barrett, Hamish Todd I will revise all the texts in that article next time I update it. I understand my thoughts on each game better now..
  Borut Pfeifer, I saw my girlfriend play all of Spider, I can't explain on 140 chars, but it's not an intense enough experience for that list..
  Borut Pfeifer, the goal is not to "get people into games", but trigger thoughts like "I didn't know games could do this!"
  Phil Carlisle, Hamish Todd but really, try sitting people who don't play games on them... If they are not engineery, they get stuck right away.
  Borut Pfeifer, its not that... Spider's core gameplay is jumping around in a very light casually mechanic. Environmental storytelling is good...
  Borut Pfeifer, but not that strong to sustain the experience of the game...
  Borut Pfeifer, I mean, it's not what drives the experience of the game (sorry, ESL).
  Phil Carlisle, Hamish Todd I am not saying "they can't play it". I am asking "why would they?". I want games that makes them question...
  Phil Carlisle, Hamish Todd what subjects and depth games can have, with the restrictions I put into the selection criteria...
  Casey Muratori, I think it was so consistently a trainwreck that it was saner to remove it than trying to change it. I think...
  Casey Muratori, you, sean and fabien must be at least part of the jury, and have it be reinstated. I am sure plenty of devs would vouch for you!
  Casey Muratori, the picks were always kind of crazy. I don't know what happened concretely. It felt as if the jury was not sure...
  Casey Muratori, what constituted a technological feat. It is actually hard to judge: you need to be a deep and wide good programmer to judge that

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jake Fernandez, Wow. You’re right.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Welcome Nathan Vella ron carmel Zach Gage Lee Petty &amp; Tim Schafer to Argentina! It's surreal seeing you walk the streets of Buenos Aires!
  Hamish Todd, Phil Carlisle The Witness The Witness will be on that list. I tested it with non-gamers! :)
  Phil Carlisle, Hamish Todd it's a bit tricky but if properly implemented walking is fine, in my observations. Acrobatics are the issue...

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Daniel Solis, Be happy to.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Andrew Gleeson, Oh, I forgot that might be affecting you. Are you/family/friends okay?

ORIHAUS: Leonard Ritter, One thing I like about Adventure Time is that being a Human isn't a big deal, they're just another bizarre creature.

JONATHAN WHITING: Hayden Scott-Baron, The QTE's are silly, but small. It was endless waves of increasingly dull combat that killed the game for me. The rest was great :-(
  Hayden Scott-Baron, For me it wasn't difficulty, but "ugh, now I kill 30 people to get to the next good bit". Just the good bits please!
  Hayden Scott-Baron, Hah, well, maybe.. but did anyone genuinely say "Hey, I've heard of this great new cover shooter called Tomb Raider?"

JON INGOLD: Joseph Humfrey, Joystiq bonus points to anyone who looks up what an "inkle" is, right?

NOBODYWEKNOW: Andrew Gleeson, Glad to hear it. (A friend's mom had to drive away from home in case the fires reached it but I think it's turned out fine so far.)

EMSHORT: I played a game in (I think) Twine where players could contribute their own audio clips to be part of the game. What was that again?

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Auriea., it's a new thing which is about games mostly but has a developers section. It will happen again next year!

PAUL S BURGESS: Is it acceptable to change your socks on a busy train?
  DG, well now that's a dilemma

EMSHORT: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, chrisamaphone awesome, thanks very much
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, chrisamaphone For some reason the search terms I could think of were not turning it up

PAUL S BURGESS: "We are waiting for a train manager and driver. If you need to go anywhere quickly get off and find another train" Gee thanks cross country!
  And it was all going so well

SEAN VANAMAN: Gone Home, Steve Gaynor: king of the twitter tease.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Just watched Wil Wheaton read flavor text I wrote 12 years ago for Betrayal on House on the Hill. Strange and very satisfying.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: . @design7307 and you'll end up with a game that is about not losing players. Pretty unambitious (and unoriginal!).
  Dave Grossman, Chuck Jordan Colin Campbell maybe I should!

SEAN VANAMAN: Jane Ng, get on with yo bad self grrrrl
  Jane Ng, naturally

DANIEL BENMERGUI: @design7307, I don't really know! I don't think I am interested in gathering metrics at this time... I don't think it would add any value...

JON INGOLD: Reading emshort's round-up of the IF Comp made me realise: I love the *concept* of the parser, but not the parser we actually *have*
  Sam Barlow, emshort Yeah, I know! Like, Spider and Web, was awesome. But the parser is so cold, so quick to criticise, so slow to help...
  Sam Barlow, emshort :( I killed at least a year making extensions to auto-complete words, correct spelling… but it's all at a remove
  Sam Barlow, emshort Exactly. The parser should be inviting, friendly, adaptive. It's not an Inform problem, it's a GUI level problem.

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow Could we make / has anyone made a mockup of what the ideal parser behavior would even look like?
  Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow Even just as a hacked/fake javascript demo sort of thing, or a screencast -- just to specify desired behavior

JON INGOLD: emshort, Sam Barlow I guess Interactive Parsing was a step towards working that out for me, but as an non-actual design? Good idea.

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow Yeah -- my sense is that trying to implement bit-by-bit may be getting in the way of envisioning what we really want
  Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow Though maybe it's impossible entirely

JON INGOLD: "I have been playing Frankenstein and think cash tournaments would be a fun addition that improves the game’s retention and monetization."
  Nice one, "skillz", your spam is crap

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow my own ideal outcome would be a front-end module that facilitated the parser but could be bolted to existing games
  Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow but that might be overreach, and just figuring out how we want it to play, at all, would be useful

JON INGOLD: Zoe Rose, Looks like a Chanterelle, which is safe but GET A SECOND OPINION
  emshort, Sam Barlow You know, I'm sure it could be done, with maybe an extra data file on the side to connect the two.

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, Sam Barlow That plus an attractive Vorple front-end could make a lot of extant IF appealing to a new audience, I suspect

JONATHAN WHITING: Tiny Games, Actually found this pretty easy, but taking a selfie having done so is nigh on impossible.

ORIHAUS: Aevee Bee, I like what you're doing here, but titling something that's designed to be outside traditional games criticism-
  Aevee Bee, -with a title that only really has meaning to people inside, or at least very familiar with, seems kind of counter intuitive
  Nein., Joyce Carol Oates This is brilliant.Nein.
  Nein., Joyce Carol Oates The infection is sprea@NeinQuarterlyingKarl Ranseier
  Nein., Joyce Carol Oates From now on she's going to find all her Instagram's are Zeppelin photobombed, I'm calling it.
  Aevee Bee, I think the people that most want to hear about games doing new things are the people who don't read much of the main sites.

JON INGOLD: L. Rhodes, My problem it it's so unwelcoming and so unconstructive. I show people games I've written and the parser moves to shut them out
  L. Rhodes, IF definitely struggles with "change over time", where CYOA struggles with "space". But inkle does choice b/c everyone can play

MIKE TREANOR: Reminder: we are hiring a tenure track professor (game focus) and a chair (possibly games focus) in the CS department at American Univ.

ORIHAUS: On the steppes of Outer Heaven I entered myself, and was folded through Space-Time into Borges' still under construction Library of Babel.

EMSHORT: Andrew Plotkin, Jon Ingold Sam Barlow conceivably. if we don't like thinking on that path, then I'm still interested in the original question

ORIHAUS: I left the Library through a forgotten door into a dark basement, the dread huntress of the Maze - Maeve, watching my every move.

EMSHORT: Andrew Plotkin, Jon Ingold Sam Barlow namely, what would a parser do if we were inventing parsers anew right now? what's their ideal form?

JON INGOLD: Andrew Plotkin, emshort Sam Barlow this parser, yeah. But like - intelligent error feedback, spelling correction - these aren't fails

ORIHAUS: In fear I looked into her eyes and found myself within her. A cute little goldfish was swimming around, minding it's own business.

EMSHORT: Liza Daly, Andrew Plotkin Jon Ingold Sam Barlow Some, yeah. I did this with the evidence I could find from an online Zork game some years ago
  Liza Daly, Andrew Plotkin Jon Ingold Sam Barlow and then Aaron Reed did a more thorough job for his player experience upgrade libraries for I7
  L. Rhodes, Andrew Plotkin Jon Ingold Sam Barlow inevitably, but one might hope to capture similar power, more accessibly

ORIHAUS: 'Random' took me into the soul of man.

JON INGOLD: Liza Daly, emshort Andrew Plotkin Sam Barlow it's not that static tho. What does it encourage you to type? How does it help when you go wrong?

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, Liza Daly Andrew Plotkin Sam Barlow I wonder whether some of Bret Victor (Bret Victor)'s ideas might be relevant here as well

JON INGOLD: Thing is, the freedom of the parser is a sham - not because it *doesn't* understand everything but because no-one plays as though it can
  Interaction with a parser is 95% rote-learning, 5% inspiration. But the 5% stops us easing the 95%. Same thing as keeps FPSs really hard
  So, say: an interface that goes action-type-&gt;verb-&gt;applicable noun, but with a "something else" option at every step where you type
  Games are the same; the 5% inspiration is still there, but everyone can make the thing go.
  Stage 2, you give the author control over how much of that interface shows. Want a FLY moment? Ramp it down. Guide players to typing.
  And while we're at it, don't *allow* the player to type a command the game won't understand, goddammit.

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, Do you feel like your interactive parsing samples capture enough of this, or is there more you'd want to do?

JON INGOLD: emshort, well, no, they're a mess. And I want a UI that interrogates game-state to prioritise the UI and find sensible defaults. *grump*

MIKE TREANOR: Mark J. Nelson, She thought god was punishing her!? That's not how I'd interpret Christ on Tortilla.

EMSHORT: Demian Katz, I'd be happy to promote this -- what date/time is the actual conference?
  Demian Katz, (I assume it's being held at Villanova.)
  RicoMark Productions, first impression: interesting idea; IMO videos run long relative to amount of revelation &amp; emotional development in each
  RicoMark Productions, got to the end of first patient with just a few clues about the nature of the dystopia in question; would have liked more

MIKE TREANOR: Bobby S., Don't juice it. I've tried...

JONATHAN WHITING: Gah, why isn't it getting an IP address!? Oh right, yeah, plug the network cable in... I can rely on technology to make me feel stupid.

SEAN VANAMAN: Jonathan Blow, Charles Randall as someone starting a company I would love to hear about this.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Eric Zimmerman, Great blog post. I was brainstorming tic-tac-toe variations late into last night and making my wife playtest. Gamasutra
  Phil Tibitoski, Dodecadad: Manliest Pitch?

SQUINKY: Denis Farr, Same.

EMSHORT: Demian Katz, (I see this info is now on the site, never mind)

OXFORD INDIES: Becky Frost, Hi. Most Fridays for lunch and evenings randomly. Watch for tweets near the day or the friday morning.

MIKE TREANOR: Ben Sizer, You're right, www is worse. But they both are way weird for users to be seeing.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Rich Sommer, I just bought that app based solely on the fact that your notes looked intriguing. Lets see how it goes.

EMSHORT: Demian Katz, It is not very likely I'll be in PA next June, though I guess not totally inconceivable.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Tim trabajó en Psychonauts, Full Throttle, Day of the Tentacle, Grim Fandango y ahora Broken Age.
  You are welcome to think *I* made Monkey Island, though.
  Jonathan Blow, you know the term "echo" that you use all the time? I think "resonance" is a more accurate word for it...
  Jonathan Blow, continuously and repeatedly, at least when I was around. Maybe you made it up then. But the term is useful and important.
  Jonathan Blow, if a movie has a scene in a waterfall and there's an entirely different scene with a waterfall painting.
  Jonathan Blow, vividly. We'll talk in a few weeks. I want to write about it.
  Jonathan Blow, this means I crash at your place when I arrive!

SEAN VANAMAN: Kavan Cleary, Jonathan Blow I am not trying to be snarky about money; want some legit insight into the benefits of springing for 3k machine
  Kavan Cleary, Jonathan Blow because we absolutely would if someone smart says why it's worth the value.
  Steve Gaynor, Jonathan Blow yeah, that all tracks with our equip buying philosophy. 2K just already seemed boss to us.
  Jonathan Blow, Steve Gaynor yeah, same. we're shopping for gpu's right now and are trying to get up on the latest.
  Jonathan Blow, thanks for the knowledge btw. we're starting our thing in SF so if you're ever not going bonkers closing would love to say hi

EMSHORT: Allen Tan, Jess Zimmerman they certainly can be. you don't have to make the oppressors villains in black hats, and it's probably better if you don't

JONATHAN WHITING: Hey. So, pretty last minute decision, but I'm going to be around for gamecity Thursday + Friday. Games folk, want to hang out?
  Ed Key, Cool :-) Getting in around 12:30 tomorrow assuming trains go to plan.

PAUL S BURGESS: I could really do with a second monitor. But also a bigger desk. Hm.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Wish I were going to Essen. Sigh.

JON INGOLD: Juhana Leinonen, I could tell you, but you'd have to give me your email password first

PAUL S BURGESS: I don't want to admit how much star-shuffling has gone into getting Orion and Eridanus on the same 3:2 screen

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: philipjreed, I'M DOING IT RIGHT NOW. SNUB.  SNUB.  SNUB.
  Been putting off my next SeaFall revision for about a day as I know it'll take me about 30+ hours to redo everything, including unlocks.

SEAN VANAMAN: James Benson, god speed benson

NOBODYWEKNOW: ℤℝawesome, mcc Michael Brough (Context was someone claiming rationality but failing to recognize when in fact merely following gut.)
  ℤℝawesome, mcc Michael Brough (self-proclaimed skeptics insufficiently skeptical at their arguments always confirming prior beliefs)

JON INGOLD: Sorry not to be there, Michael Bhaskar! Have a great evening and I'm looking forward to buying a copy from a REAL SHOP

MIKE TREANOR: Eric Zimmerman, Nice article!

EMSHORT: Dave Mark, Dude, you know I can't be everywhere at once

SQUINKY: Strange to me when the definition of "art" does not come from an artist's intent, but from people with money deciding what is relevant.
  Is it overly cantankerous of me to want to go to Burning Man just so I can effectively critique it?

JON INGOLD: Alex Warren, same! But, what the hell, an IF event at the British Library that's sold out. If you could have told me a decade ago…
  Mark Hardisty, Alex Warren Only Rob Sherman, he's the Black Crown Project author

SEAN VANAMAN: Chuck Jordan, that is a sexy Elton John
  Happy to be home in Dublin. Walk into the gents, written above the trough urinal: "Remember: Ghostbusters Rules."
  Eoin Hurrell, just seeing my mom and family and friends. a little bit of a honeymoon as well.

SQUINKY: Luke Miller, Thanks. :D

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Beer. Chair. World Series. Go.
  Robert Zacny, he was looking at the bag/feet since that ball is caught 99.9% of the time. He listens for the sound of the catch for timing.
  Robert Zacny, I can only guess that umps get Big Game jitters too.

SEAN VANAMAN: jen girdish, J. Beaman my wife "yes yes she understands. she is the only person on the planet who understands"

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, 5 I like how textless games can be much more universal as well, Hiversaires got a lot of downloads from China!
  Devine Lu Linvega, 5 And yea, I find that text, when not done really well, tends to simply repeat what the visuals are telling you already

JONATHAN WHITING: Off to gamecity woo!

JON INGOLD: Dan Franklin, Sounds like the plot of a Saw movie

EMSHORT: Alex Warren, Every time I search for text adventure, Twitter shows me the results for "next adventure" instead. I don't know why.
  Ju, I haven't, though I know the rough outline

JONATHAN WHITING: Michael Brough, Jonathan Brodsky Tom Betts Ed Key Steve Gaynor gamecity On a train, arriving in about an hour I think :-)

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Next: can you make a strong enough key replica w a 3D-printer—GoogleGlass future = always shield yr keys w other hand during use
  Noyb, Weird that none of them thought this was, at minimum, cringe-worthy. (They must have thought themselves shielded by irony?)

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, !!!!! !! !..., Damn, ran out of exclamation marks, just imagine a few hundred more lines of them.

MIKE TREANOR: I'm making a room full of 20 year olds enact tree pruning algorithms and taking names.

OXFORD INDIES: Simon Roth, Becky Frost Richard Whitelock Jonathan Whiting Nope. Choose somewhere Simon. :)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: I am working to get Today I Die back online, I am not sure what happens, because I can't even login to the site.
  Not Wallace, it's not anywhere :). Something will happen about it next year or the next at most.

JON INGOLD: alastair horne, George Walkley Seriously hope this guy drops his iPhone down his toilet and can't anyone to fix either

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Not Wallace, it was removed after the contract with the publisher expired and I was not happy with the port. But I didn't give up yet!

JON INGOLD: Marius Müller, well, *testing* bastard

OXFORD INDIES: Oxford Indies, Simon Roth Becky Frost Richard Whitelock Jonathan Whiting How about …. the Red Lion? (Pub near Gloc.Green)

SQUINKY: Michelle Travis, Yeah, sometimes I forget that our silly FCUK-esque acronym confuses people sometimes.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: ravelin, site got hacked. Be back up in a few days!

MIKE TREANOR: Clara Fernandez-Vara, Jason Begy Abe Stein I'm gonna call you F-Bomb Begy from now on.
  Clara Fernandez-Vara, Jason Begy Abe Stein A bunch of squares... They'll never be one of the "top three coolest" game people with that attitude.

EMSHORT: Richard Goodness, ha! Though I was thinking more of the flannel-open-over-t-shirt thing as seen in 1993 Seattle.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: ron carmel, favorite goes to you adopting the don carmel avatar...

MIKE TREANOR: Ryan Andonian, five players is WAY different than 2 or 3!
  Ryan Andonian, I usually just cover everything with fences at the end. Not this time...

JON INGOLD: Mike Rose, funny, seeing as how people who write for the Telegraph are, well...

DANIEL BENMERGUI: I am so happy that being a judge will allow me to play a brutal amount of IGF games ASAP.

PAUL S BURGESS: Okay I *think* that's all the dialogue written. Finally can go back to finishing the rest of the game!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Leon Arnott…–, An especially grave danger for the thousands of schoolchildren cast each year as vegetables and trees.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Hahnarama, Lindsay Braun Daviau lots of it

SQUINKY: Off to Berkeley for QGCon this weekend!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Justin D. Jacobson, Lindsay Braun Daviau Neither do we.

ORIHAUS: Bee Teknofiend, Henk Boom Oh, sorry! Could you two send over skype/email details so I can keep you updated? Mine: orihaus [at] gmail [dot] come

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Casey Muratori, Chris Hecker: Tim Schafer played the latest version of Storyteller and said "why aren't you shipping it?"
  Casey Muratori, Chris Hecker Tim Schafer no plans changed... but it reminded me of your "ship it".

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, let us know when you switch to hoop

NOBODYWEKNOW: raigan burns, /'dɹɑkɪn/ Andrew Traviss Metroidlike/metroidvania is another example, if you're looking for them.

SQUINKY: The Cuteness and Games conference is off to a great start!
  Right at the outset, we have a clear anti-harassment policy complete with actual instructions on what to do. This is good.
  Aevee Bee, Why aren't you here indeed!

JONATHAN WHITING: So, my taster size gamecity experience was pretty great. Will have to make it out for longer next year. Cheers all :-)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Pablo Zurita, Casey Muratori and eat meat, and wine and be excellently treated by the local dev community. And we have live dinosaurs.

JONATHAN WHITING: Ed Key, gamecity Oh. That sounds great :-(

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Casey Muratori, Pablo Zurita yes! We invited these guys to meet the local devs. It was super inspiring, and apparently will happen again!

SQUINKY: Sometimes, I feel like an artisan candy maker in a world where everyone prefers the mass-produced stuff.

SEAN VANAMAN: Neil Ryan, might be around today or tomorrow! will have to put out the call to dubliner thumbs (of which i know none)
  Steve Gaynor, drinks the night of the 3rd?

SQUINKY: Here bright and early to get ready to give my Dominique Pamplemousse talk!
  Mohini Freya Dutta, I might be starting at 9:30, since a speaker cancelled.
  Raghav Bashyal, That is quite possibly the best picture of me ever.

SEAN VANAMAN: Jake Rodkin, Steve Gaynor =horrifying

NOBODYWEKNOW: Oh my god, Lou Reed.
  I worked for his wife on a couple projects years ago. Got the impression he didn't particularly like me, but I was, what, 24 years old?
  (Oh, not married! That came up a couple times in sort of funny ways. In any case, I feel heartbroken for Laurie A. They loved each other.)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Ever notice how the Borg always look like converted humans? No Klingon-looking Borg, or Andorian Borg. What gives?

LIZZIESTARK: Sad About Books, Aw. Thanks. It means a lot that you think so.

NOBODYWEKNOW: A Lou R story: 1st time we met he was mad an interviewer had praised an 80s album of his—as if he'd done nothing of note in the 20 yrs since
  &amp; I'm sitting there, 24(?) yrs old, way out of my league on this editing gig for Laurie A, just glad I hadn't said how much I love the VU.
  But that shaped my understanding of him—&amp; of his gruffness: knowing you'll never really top the work you did when you were practically a kid

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Alex Eding, that’s mostly Craig VanNess’s work. I’m lucky to be associated with it at all.

JONATHAN WHITING: Lewie Procter, hah, wow, completely forgotten that had happened until I read that tweet. Think I might have drunk a bit much that night x)

PAUL S BURGESS: Starcraft 2 has brought me so much unexpected entertainment this year. eSports, I'm a believer.

SQUINKY: Danielle Riendeau, Queerness and Games I feel similarly. Thank you.

JONATHAN WHITING: Linda Sandvik, oh, heyy, thought you were familiar (running Joust), and we've met, my bro is David Whiting etc! Sorry I didn't figure it earlier.

LIZZIESTARK: Sad About Books, Oh yes. I definitely do.

ADAM CADRE: Leon Arnott…–, Oh, boo. Well, I guess it was time to find something new to replace it anyway. Thanks for the heads-up.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Lamp Light Games, Fantastic idea. Power tools and gourds is a natural pairing.
  Chris Dupuis, His name...is...Rhalsar Grumdagger (unless you hate that name).

ORI AVTALION: Dave Gilbert, Ben Chandler Should we expect trippy eye colors in future Wadjey Eye games? :)

JONATHAN WHITING: Irina Bolychevsky, Hah, amusing, I was at that bar last night, nice place :-) Have a good one.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Anybody want to get together in Chicago and play some Tiny Games ?

ORI AVTALION: Shut Up & Sit Down, Following up on Board with Life, what game do you want to try, but are intimidated by the rules?

ROBERT LOCKHART: Maybe? Andy Saia John Murphy The Hats Tom Eastman Ben Perez Eric Huang Chris Klein Chris Cobb Charlie Hall Carter Dotson
  Brice Puls, Carter Dotson Wednesday? Millennium Park?
  Carter Dotson, Brice Puls Whitaker Trebella tonight might work, too.
  Carter Dotson, Whitaker Trebella Fair enough. Brice Puls, whenever you want, then (not tomorrow).
  Carter Dotson, Well, I was just going to do it sort of Ad-Hoc, but maybe I should make something more formal, like a FB event.
  Brice Puls, Carter Dotson Charlie Hall I'm putting together a more formal FB event for right before IndieCity . Will send invites!

PAUL S BURGESS: My to do list is more of a to do matrix. Not content to only expand downwards...

ROBERT LOCKHART: Chris Cobb, Charlie Hall Carter Dotson I hope so. I slotted it for 1 hour right before ICG Meetup on the 9th.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Tyler Glɑiel, I am so glad my games don't do that, then :)
  Tyler Glɑiel, ah, you didn't take the troll bait... so disappointing...

MIKE TREANOR: Everyone keeps saying "gaming" over here. Like gaming department, gaming professor, etc. That totally reads as gambling to me.
  Which would actually be a pretty cool thing to be a professor of.
  Stemage, YOU FOOL (Actually, I did worse. I sold/threw away my gamecube... but my wife got me a new one for my birthday so all is good :) )

SQUINKY: I don't understand how people can have phone conversations of substance while other people are in the room. Don't they get self-conscious?

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Demons, also have a single nature, like fairies. Unlike fairies, they are unsophisticated about it. So are angels.
  Sean Barrett, maybe...

MIKE TREANOR: The more I think about it, the more I wish I was designing penny slots.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Thanks so much Ryan Olsen for great guidance on getting the word out about Codemancer!

MIKE TREANOR: Stemage, Duh. Ernest Scared Stupid!

KENNETH TURNER: I'll be in London for the next few days . Drop me a line if you want to meet up.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Neal Sales-Griffin, Thanks for the delicious advice and wise pancakes...or...yeah, that's right.
  Neal Sales-Griffin, Placing a library hold now.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Michael Zenke, Cory Banks I'll be in my bunk.

JON INGOLD: god help me, I bought Black Flag on release day. I *always* wanted to make a pirate game
  Can't think why I never made a pirate text adventure, to be honest
  &gt; SHIVER MY TIMBERS You don't have any timbers.  &gt;GET TIMBERS Taken.  &gt;SHIVER THEM Aaaarrr!

JONATHAN WHITING: Aubrey Hesselgren, Oh, aren't they that Blink-182 cover band? Are they making their own tracks now?

EMSHORT: Leo Loikkanen, it certainly could be problematic. I'm not sure I quite understand what you're going for, though
  Leo Loikkanen, you want a randomized map, but not roguelike gameplay like Kerkerkruip has?

MIKE TREANOR: Mark J. Nelson, So good! Rothbard is pretty top shelf all around.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: The “YOU HAD ONE JOB” meme is generally levied against an invisible someone who had dozens of jobs and not enough time and maybe a headache.

SQUINKY: I really like bears., Yay! I'm glad I met you too. &lt;3

MIKE TREANOR: Whoa. You have to actively deny installing "Wizards of Atlantis" when you install winamp. I miss the old winamp days...
  Stemage, dude, can you post a link to your video again? I blew it and closed the browser.
  I'm totally the only dude in this big chat thing where I have a creative username like "MikeTreanor".
  Stemage, Getting my browser to download that was probably the hardest thing I've done in months.

JON INGOLD: Robert Sherman, Thank-you! Though praise for the words bounces off and hits Dave Morris
  Robert Sherman, @mirabilisdave If we're having a love-in, don't forget Joseph Humfrey who actually makes them look at all lovely
  Joseph Humfrey, Robert Sherman @mirabilisdave Mike Schley this is like one of those ceilidh dances where you keep dragging people in, eh, @ajaxlogos?
  Dave Morris, Joseph Humfrey Robert Sherman Mike Schley Michael Bhaskar I DROPPED THE BALL!

PAUL S BURGESS: Today's main task: ensure the game still does things after the story is finished. Which is rather short so it better had.

PUMPED: BMX: Last day of work yesterday - I am now officially a full time indie! Off to ExPlay for a couple of days, and then getting down to work.

SEAN VANAMAN: Mike Tekula, just a few days but yeah, let's do it. gonna pick a bar for like thurs or fri.
  Steve Gaynor, Chris Remo it's just like, I read something and then I see Chris rolling his eyes, saying "whaaaat" and going full muppet

PUMPED: BMX: So many games to make, so little time!

SEAN VANAMAN: Mike Tekula, will keep you posted

JONATHAN WHITING: Pumped: BMX, Exciting stuff, best of luck!

PUMPED: BMX: Jonathan Whiting, Cheers man! Will have to do beers again soon (and I can do lunches now too)… Off to ExPlay tomorrow, you going?
  Dave Dillewaard, Awesome, glad you liked it! Looking forward to showing off some screenshots soon, only a few people have had a peek so far! ;)
  Jonathan Whiting, Haha, fair enough man.

JONATHAN WHITING: Pumped: BMX, and yeah.. It's definitely time for another Oxford Indies pub night.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Stephen Granade, Wait -- ⁴H, ⁵H, ⁶H are a thing? With a detectable half-life? Why was I not informed?

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, Pumped: BMX Yes. Will set a random date for that soon.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Justin D. Jacobson, The 1st Ed Dungeon Masters Guide had you write in the powers for Artifacts and how they worked in your campaign world.

OXFORD INDIES: Becky Frost, neat. In what capacity?

NOBODYWEKNOW: Mike Meyer, Talked abt this with an artist-client just last week. Multiple aligned projectors, one for RGB, the others B/W w a gel in front.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Decades of C code that called strcpy() on overlapping buffers has just run into a new clang optimization. That was never valid code. Sorry!
  Sean Barrett, I don't know what the upshot of that 300-comment thread is. Also, it may be a terrible justificiation but it *is* one.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Cook, I'm probably missing something, but can't you just gate the code in question behind an if statement that checks Time.time?
  Michael Cook, Unknown thing with my solution is what time.Time returns when game hasn't started, but sounded like this was w/r/t after gamestart?

MIKE TREANOR: Frank Lantz, I have a total intellectual crush on Bryan Caplan and his nerdy eloquence. Thanks for sharing that this is happening!
  Frank Lantz, Totally! And he lives near me now...
  Frank Lantz, SHWING! I listen to these things to understand why everyone doesnt think what I think but I end up just really liking my people more
  Frank Lantz, He almost lost his shit earlier, that was hilarious.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Avram Grumer, "It comes in cubes?"

MIKE TREANOR: Mark J. Nelson, Frank Lantz I like a lot of what the GMU folk say.
  Mark J. Nelson, Frank Lantz Especially Caplan. The sad thing is that they are some of my only connections to outside the 19 c. thinking.
  Mark J. Nelson, Frank Lantz Often Caplan is a total anarchist ideologue. He just plays it cool. Maybe a bit much empiricism for my taste though.
  Mark J. Nelson, Frank Lantz I just poured out a sip for him at his grave in Boston.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Robert Zacny, Don Wood Glad I was cogent enough to impart anything of substance.
  Julian Murdoch, Splaining at a bar. Group joy is important here.
  Julian Murdoch, They will eventually eat into starting pitchers, who can go 4-6 innings.
  This 4th generation Red Sox fan is almost getting optimistic. Almost.
  Court, Trust me, I am glowing. Free hugs for next time.
  I just shouted myself hoarse at a sports bar.
  Nicole, fuck yes I am.

PUMPED: BMX: off to ExPlay for a couple of days to try and figure out what the hell I'm doing.

JONATHAN WHITING: So, Oxford Indies lunch tomorrow. Perhaps Mission Burrito? The King Edward St one is better for chatting.

KENNETH TURNER: Oxford Indies, could we meet on Cowley road ?

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, kenneth turner Burrito would be great. Any Cowley road suggestions?

PAUL S BURGESS: Goddam toaster keeps forgetting to eject and torching toast. How hard is it to be a toaster, come on.

JONATHAN WHITING: Pat Ashe, Jonathan Brodsky Also enjoyed that "touch me" is considered "disturbing, at best" and the implication that game critics cannot see art.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Boston Post Mortem, Is the Harvard location a permanent change? I would totally show up except I'm out of town Nov 14th.

ADAM CADRE: PRIF, Who's reading it?

DANIEL BENMERGUI: robin, Lee Petty ron carmel Nathan Vella Zach Gage Tim Schafer poo princesses that in turn poo princesses that poo princesses that poo p

SEAN VANAMAN: Mike Roberts, Jake Rodkin Nick Breckon Chris Remo man I would love to and talk motos but I'm away. I recommend hi-lo or smugglers cove or
  Mike Roberts, Jake Rodkin Nick Breckon Chris Remo burritt room or dalva (go to the back room) although it's on a colorful st

ANDREW PLOTKIN: The Antimorris and the downward spiral of the year.

NOBODYWEKNOW: ★ Sophie Howling, Not my place to say, but are you sure this is about principles and not just the regular ol' self-sabotage a lot of us are prone to?

SQUINKY: I would have put on a fedora and gone as a Nice Guy of OKCupid, but I figured not enough people would get it.
  Downtown Santa Cruz is in dire need of a brass band.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jennie Hango, If only Lexington weren't outside the horizon of the observable universe.

MIKE TREANOR: Bobby S., Ian Bogost BIG TIME
  Glover Park, was off the hook tonight! Top shelf trick or treating!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jennie Hango, I have passed that one. Haven't followed it though.

PUMPED: BMX: Hey Shahid Kamal Ahmad, is there an email I can use to get in touch with you? Would love to have a chat!

JON INGOLD: Alex Warren, nice. Still, I'm sorta glad people are using the button. And y'know, Sir Loin, mate. Sir Loin.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I tried iTunes Radio until the Nissan ads annoyed me, but I am not moved to pay $25/year for it. Back to SomaFM.
  (I throw money at SomaFM every couple of years. But that’s more personal.)

ORIHAUS: direlog, A masterpiece second only to Richard Strauss' symphonic poem "That piece from 2001", more commonly know as: "Bah bah bahh, BAH BAH"

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Started from another angle but ended up w/ something that sounds sarcastic but isn't meant to be: music reviews of street buskers

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Jonathan Whiting kenneth turner Kevin Nolan hey sorry been at explay. I'm a free man now, will be along next week for sure.
  Andy Touch, cheers for the unity talks mate, especially the playmode colour change tip - lifesaver!

OXFORD INDIES: Pumped: BMX, Jonathan Whiting kenneth turner Kevin Nolan Should def do explay one year. More events in historical buildings.

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Jonathan Whiting kenneth turner Kevin Nolan haha yeah, was loving the chandeliers.

JONATHAN WHITING: Niall Moody, You *just* beat me too. Bah! No idea where the Black Market entrance was, looked and looked but didn't get a single ping.

SEAN VANAMAN: Duncan Fyfe, Sarah Argodale she is a villain and enemy of the state.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Simon Carless, This is a... live-action puzzle-room event based on Werewolf? Good grief

JONATHAN WHITING: Richard Whitelock, That's looking amazing!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: “The big news is that Moose now throws blessed exception objects.” Whew — I was going through a ton of scrolls of identify exception.

SQUINKY: Wow, it's November and still T-shirt weather. This Canadian is impressed.

JONATHAN WHITING: Brother Android, There's a mass of intelligence behind any good procedural generation, though it is at a step further removed.
  Brother Android, Yeah, as a trendy thing I am seeing more proc-gen as crutch, rather than solid design "oh, I'll just generate a bunch of levels!"
  Brother Android, Yup. I'm a big fan of hand-designed work, and generally prefer it to proc-gen.. but, say, Spelunky would suck with static levels.
  Brother Android, Not sure I agree. Random cannot 'tell' stories, but can force a player into a situation with narrative value: FTL, Spelunky, etc.
  Brother Android, Hah, yes, certainly a correlation :-) Think we're running up against twitter conversation boundaries, but it's been a pleasure :-)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Laura Gatto, That's a good question. I'm doing PC &amp; Mac first, but Chrome Web Store is an option for later on.
  Laura Gatto, I'll have a nice demo by mid-January. The game should be finished in the summer. I'd love to show it around to educators!

SQUINKY: NaNoWriMo-ing an interactive project this month. Not sure whether the programming component makes it easier or harder to hit word counts.

ADAM CADRE: Couldn't resist the "bag of 55 scallions for $2.69" deal at Berkeley Bowl. Question: what do you do with 55 scallions?
  Vincent Diamante, Very good to know. Naturally a lot of my strategy here depends on how perishable these are. If they freeze well, a winner is me.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jake Eakle, I never took that turn I last asked about! Was expecting replies to be "No, not safe enough" but instead got "Sounds like a plan"

SEAN VANAMAN: James, tuesday. bruiseday. brewsday. brosday.
  Cara Ellison, will be in Paris in 24 hours and this is good to know.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Leon Arnott…–, My students in 20th Century Detective Fiction have such trouble with Alibi. Can't imagine a world before self-duplication tech.

PAUL S BURGESS: Hungover, bread has gone mouldy. This is my hell. At least the milk is okay.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Mike Selinker, The answer to riddle 1 is "anal dip"

ORIHAUS: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, You could just build a bot to inhabit the birdhouses and tweet for you! Hmm, maybe not it might

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, this picture is scandalous and only serves to strengthen Duncan Fyfe's and the State's case for your apprehension.
  James, gonna figure it out this week. guaranteed gonna just pick a bar to post up at one night.

ORIHAUS: ємρуяєαη~ғɪʟᴛᴇʀ, I hope you find the slime content to your liking!
  Michael Brough, VENGEFUL CUM HARPY Are you porp enough for Armada?

ADAM CADRE: katherine morayati, Might be a good way to let people down easy on Okcupid

PAUL S BURGESS: Meticulously painting sand and cliffs onto a Starcraft map. I'm not sure why I'm doing this but it's quite soothing.

JONATHAN WHITING: My thumb is still a bit sore from Sportsfriends matches vs Douglas Wilson on train back from playARK Fun day, but loooong.

SQUINKY: Up to 3430 words today! This is actually starting to feel doable.

JONATHAN WHITING: Simon Roth, want training from a pro? Only £50 for 30 minutes! :-P

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: T. C. Petty III, Saw it. Short notice so I'll see if it works. Let you know torrow am.

SQUINKY: Quinn Stephens, I'm using Versu, which is in beta but super exciting and awesome.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Sandry Wilkie, Next: nail foils with QR codes that decode to LOVE-HATE.

ORIHAUS: ♞ , The three-body problem, or the four... Basically anything other than two.

SQUINKY: Singing the "instrumental break" part while doing karaoke never gets old.

SEAN VANAMAN: And like that I get to purchase plane tickets at the counter like it's 1971. Invigorating.

JONATHAN WHITING: Bennett, wow, all this stuff is amazing, cheers
  Aubrey Hesselgren, yeah, it's a really lovely little thing

SEAN VANAMAN: Jane Ng, I pretty much had to :( accidentally showed up a day late for a critical flight

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Amanda Cosmos, I tried a few this year and wound up picking WordEver.
  Lost Pig is bogged down in video dongle hell. Working on it.
  A private and very personal thank-you to the garglk.ini file. I am saving a special heated knife for you.
  Grunk under way now, crowd of about 20. @usernamenumber orcing away full blast.

JON INGOLD: Argh. Argh argh argh.
  I was really enjoying black flag, and then it just kept killing me and resetting me right back. Dying while boarding is the worst.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Sandry Wilkie, Your sordid past there's a camera recording in the back of the room. Hopefully it'll show up on YouTube or somewhere?
  Aaron Reed, Translation: "No Javascript? No worries! We gracefully downgrade to a clean white space just for you."

PUMPED: BMX: Coady MacMillan, hoping to get the next update submitted this week mate.
  Day 1 of full time games… Probably time for another cup of tea.

PAUL S BURGESS: Firmly into the polish stage on Stargazing here, hopefully I can get through my list this week and we can think about a release! gogogo

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Cory Banks, My work here is done.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: At Panama, heading to LA to present Storyteller at GDC Next. There's a church at the airport. I hope it is not related to the flights.

PAUL S BURGESS: Legs are quite hard to draw, I think.
  Phil Bradley, I'm going to need a little income before I can justify multiple pints I won't be personally drinking! :)
  Phil Bradley, Haha. Maybe...

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Prepping a meaty talk for PRACTICE game conference on Legacy game design. What would you want to be in it?

EMSHORT: Are there enough IF folks to do a meet up group in Oxford? Or London for that matter?

JON INGOLD: emshort, for me, Oxford's a bit far from Cambridge, but London is extremely doable.
  Alex Warren, emshort Robert Pratten I've never quite made that (though I'm on the list) -- a more IF-y group might give me more of a kick to go

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Amanda Cosmos, I hope so!
  Chris Dupuis, Cory Banks That's how I feel when I try to make music with people.

JON INGOLD: ..and there's quite a lot else to like in that article too.

PUMPED: BMX: Robin Ogden, very good thank you sir! Got lots of not too exciting things done, and I even went for a run. How’s the inspiration?

MIKE TREANOR: Russell Roberts, A good and challenging econ talk this week, thanks!
  Oh no, I just chewed three pieces of Shawn White gum.

PUMPED: BMX: I’ve recently rediscovered Amped 2… One hell of a game.

EMSHORT: Katie Eagleton, weird worlds invite us to poke and explore to discover their rules

JONATHAN WHITING: Lovely afternoon at the Media Molecule offices playing lots of advanced Joust features. Thanks! Also Douglas Wilson punched me in the face x)

EMSHORT: Katie Eagleton, I've never been to one but they sound amazing

PAUL S BURGESS: I love the rage you get for using swarm hosts in Starcraft 2 mmmm sweet angry tears

JONATHAN WHITING: Douglas Wilson, hah, really not a big deal :-) I did much worse to myself with the back of an ice axe earlier this year.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Reading 'John Dewey on Education' -- still so pertinent.
  "knowledge is a posession held in trust for the furthering of the well-being of all" -John Dewey

SQUINKY: Watching Donna Haraway give a talk. So excite!

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Dominic Tarason, I do believe there's hope in schemes that are not invasive of the game design, definitely!
  Raph Koster, only if you bring actual waffles.

ORIHAUS: Jonathan Blow, Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett Good point! It's rare to see designers think even 3 years ahead, let alone 30.
  Jonathan Blow, Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett As for Unity - it is a gamble - but it's one I think is totally worth it, at least for small studios.
  Ethan Vosburgh, Jonathan Blow Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett I think it will be. If Unity folds without releasing their file format specs, you're done.
  Devine Lu Linvega, Ethan Vosburgh Jonathan Blow Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett Which is exactly why you'd want all the original source you can get your hands on!
  Ethan Vosburgh, Jonathan Blow Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett Hopefully more than a footnote, but there is absolutely no certainty that Unity will be opened
  Jonathan Blow, Ethan Vosburgh Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett And you're going to want to emulate the rendering.
  Jonathan Blow, Ethan Vosburgh Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett How are you going to do that in Unity after they cut support for 3d rasterising in 2021.
  Ethan Vosburgh, Jonathan Blow Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett C may or may not be irrelevant, but no way to predict anything else, so have to play it safe.
  Jonathan Blow, Leonard Ritter Sean Barrett Which is sad, I do think this is an important issue that doesn't get much discussion!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: “I hope you crap in a hole. Then fall in and die in it.” - Overheard during a light game of Love Letter.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Lilly Looking Through is very charming. But the storytelling and UI are aimed eight-and-up audience and the puzzles are pretty hardcore...?

ADAM CADRE: It took four stops, but I finally found a piece of parmesan I might finish more than half of before it turns to stone. Stores: cut smaller

SQUINKY: Jill Binder, We are amused.

ADAM CADRE: Alicorn, Trader Joe's doesn't have a cheese counter. (But point taken: I should see whether the Cheese Board will cut 2 oz. chunks.)

ORI AVTALION: Jonathan Strahan, Any idea if it would have any wider distribution in the future? These stories are already hard to come by.

JON INGOLD: Alex Warren, I do fin hyperlinks conflate two things - reading and doing. I slightly prefer read-then-do

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, Got initial stuff rendering! Pushed. FPS only starts dropping with 1 million+ vessels.

JON INGOLD: Good of him to quote some examples of altruism. I thought altruism didn't exist? Unless he was trying to have sex with other bank customers
  vika z, That he finds his minor upsets of great significance. How could *his* actions be disallowed or rebuffed? He is the great Dawkins!
  vika z, Like, in a pub? I'd be bored but sympathetic. In the *Guardian*? This is the level of this man's analysis? My daughter is smarter
  vika z, I thought - he's non-apologising for a comment that was stupid + crass. The lack of the ability to simply apologise... what a jerk!
  vika z, Iain Merrick Asshole. That's a good word for it.

MIKE TREANOR: Julian Togelius, Adam M. Smith I've been trying to live code as much as possible in front of the undergrads. So far good I think.
  Julian Togelius, Adam M. Smith I know a problem I had was that the CS/AI concepts made sense in abstract, but I had no idea how to actually code them.

EMSHORT: meg jayanth, v21 failnaut Whisperbat I didn't know Twine Tastings were a recurring thing!

JONATHAN WHITING: Simon Roth, Sure, I will :)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Bill Sabram, Fantastic find! Thanks!

DANIEL BENMERGUI: I am at GDC Next right now, making last minute fixes to Storyteller.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Magic Prefs is the free app that turns Apple’s Magic Mouse from an RSI monster into a nice mouse. I feel like Apple has missed a step here.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Soren Johnson, Congrats on the new gig.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jake Eakle, I believe it's not CSS, but a meta tag that fixes the viewport.
  Jake Eakle, It's intended for when the site is trying to behave like a (non-web) mobile app, with known font sizes and layout.
  Jake Eakle, I'm not saying that's a *good* idea, but that's the idea.

PUMPED: BMX: Noah Krueger, hell yeah! I'm a jobless person.
  Shahid Kamal Ahmad, hey shahid, did you have a contact email?
  Shahid Kamal Ahmad, awesome, thanks.
  Shahid Kamal Ahmad, I've had a few people recommend speaking to you by the way - heard fantastic things! :)

JONATHAN WHITING: Brother Android, the exploitation tails quickly, and becomes a joke on genuinely exploitative games, and (less so) its players. It's a good joke.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jake Eakle, Perhaps they suck.

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, Jonathan Whiting Simon Roth Ian Mode7Games Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Alexander Erlich there with bells on good sir.

OXFORD INDIES: Pumped: BMX, Awesome sauce.

JONATHAN WHITING: Pumped: BMX, Oxford Indies Simon Roth Ian Mode7Games Richard Fine Paul S Burgess Alexander Erlich yeah, I'm in, will make an FB event too I guess

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, [Achievement Unlocked] Facebook Keeper.

JONATHAN WHITING: Oxford Indies, ugh, this is the worst achievement, I feel dirty

PAUL S BURGESS: Oxford Indies, Pumped: BMX Jonathan Whiting Simon Roth Ian Mode7Games Richard Fine Alexander Erlich Cool, sounds like a plan

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Soren Johnson, Me too. See you in about 10 days...damn I really need to finish my presentation.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Raph Koster, "if something is too simple, it bores us; if something is too complicated or abstract, it is no longer interesting" ...
  Raph Koster, ... the problem with "sense and meaning": you can wrongly map them to familiar concepts like "complex" or "abstract", gamespeak.
  Game Jam games are interesting to play for minutes. Commercial games need to be engaging for hours, says Nathan Vella

JONATHAN WHITING: Brother Android, Well okay, so this is where your taste diverges from those who like them. Understandable. Maybe your question remains answered?

SQUINKY: Up to 8382 words today. On track to break 10K tomorrow.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Paulo Feodrippe, well, the quality of game jam games is also consistently low...
  Victor Breum, Nathan Vella I agree, though I wish the "money -&gt; time" mapping died out of game buyers. We are slowly getting there! (good!)

EMSHORT: Naomi, once when I declined to do loads of unpaid work for an education IF project, I got a scathing email about my lack of "values"
  Naomi, Years ago, and I doubt the individual who wrote it was supported in that action by the rest of their organization. but yeah
  mean queen machine, this is why furniture should be helium-filled

JONATHAN WHITING: Mark Durrant, Hah, well of that list Spelunky, Luxuria Superbia and 140 are best on pad. Also consider the unfinished, but available Nuclear Throne

PAUL S BURGESS: Ugh, my TortoiseHg is living up to its namesake today.

SEAN VANAMAN: Brad Muir, Jake Solomon Soren Johnson AND I

JONATHAN WHITING: Mark Durrant, So, I find odd numbered dimensions easier in that particular respect. I can point at the central pixel, rather than central division.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Infinite Ammo, @adamatomic You're using diff. valences of "plan" no? Sure, think through what to do in case of success—but don't plan on it.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Chris Cieslik, Makes me want to take my shoes and socks off and *jump right AARRGGHHHH*

JONATHAN WHITING: Mark Durrant, I guess because when I'm doing art I'm doing v-low res, and find stuff drawn around a pixel centre less... rigid? at that detail.

MIKE TREANOR: Just spent a few hours playing with the Versu SDK. LittleBimble emshort and Linden Lab are really doing some ambitious and amazing stuff!
  I just checked the calendar and am happy to see that I am gonna get to spend a few more hours :)

JON INGOLD: So, in case I haven't said, Sorcery! 2 is out tonight. It's the largest interactive narratives I've ever constructed, and...
  ... attempts to capture the flavour of parser interaction via a choice-based interface.
  It's a detective story, really, with lots of knowledge-modelling, alongside Christminister' "pseudo-real-time".

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I am in touch with pop music for the first time in my life. Whatever’s hot, there’s an a cappella version and a sexy violin solo on youtube.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Andrew Doull I would like to try such a thing but am glad it didn't make the cut in 868 for sure.

SEAN VANAMAN: Patrick Klepek, tweets like this are ruining the game industry
  Patrick Klepek, also i miss your musk. when are you visiting sf?
  Patrick Klepek, that is probably the most offensive thing anyone has ever said to me. you'll be hearing from my lawyer.
  Patrick Klepek, rad! i'm away til 17th for nyu practice but i'll catch you on the tail end of the trip. also i'm gonna knock your teeth in.
  Tulley, fwiw I have clipper in wallet with no sleeve and it always works

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Is RealMyst Masterpiece based on Unity or Unreal?

SEAN VANAMAN: Chris Remo, i really hope you only bought money and monet

JON INGOLD: My fingers hurt “Joseph Humfrey: Just verified Sorcery 2's script. 341,542 words of text and logic. Oh, and that doesn't include combat?”

NOBODYWEKNOW: ANGELINA, Spooky

JONATHAN WHITING: Simon Roth, There is certainly a significant part of me that would prefer to spend less time in my bedroom!
  Richard Whitelock, Simon Roth We just need to find a quiet dark corner in Pitt Rivers, pretty sure no-one would notice! :p

PAUL S BURGESS: Laying some fat (virtual) Kalimba melodies down for some chilled menu music mmmmm fresh.

SQUINKY: This story I'm writing is turning into a conversation between my misguided past self and a foil sent by my present self to shake things up.

MIKE TREANOR: PSA: The FDG2014 paper deadline is a month away.
  Honestly, if it wasn't on a cruise, I'm not sure I'd even try this year. Anyone have a panel they want me on?

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, fired
  Sarah Argodale, you don't know me argobot
  Sarah Argodale, I take it back
  Sarah Argodale, if you send it we will taco bout it.

MIKE TREANOR: Bobby S., I'm in if you are. They are the rhetorics so small that we are pretty much just making them up.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Salvo Ludus, Which comments? I've commented in the Unwritten KS comment thread, and I've blogged about both projects.
  Salvo Ludus, Not sure there's a context in which somebody needs to say "Hey look that zarf guy backed this!"
  Salvo Ludus, I suspect that anybody who cares what I think already knows that I support Obduction. Let's just leave it there.

JOSEF A: Stephanie Malek, Nah, nothing of note.

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, officedog: i'm not your slave.

MIKE TREANOR: Bobby S., hard nose reviewers like Mark J. Nelson need to get with the times. Science is out, nano is in.

JONATHAN WHITING: Simon Roth, this was a good idea apart from my lack of ability to read tweets when not at home

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Jonathan Blow, I ate at MacDonalds today. It was better than most F2P games I played.
  Simon Carless, I saw you at GDC Next but never got the chance to say hi. hi!

JOSEF A: Peter Mansbridge, Thank you. We needed a little more positivity from the media.
  Guys, My body has a number of joints, and many of them hurt.

ORIHAUS: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, I am the poodle moth, but also the poodle.
  [21:56] &lt;the_panther&gt; animal farm  [21:56] &lt;the_panther&gt; animals take over [21:57] &lt;the_pussycat&gt; Please don't go all Kronshtadt on me ;_;
  &lt;the_owl&gt; lol, not many will get the reference &lt;the_pussycat&gt; I'm glad you did the_owl &lt;3 &lt;the_owl&gt; luckily I was alive 100 years ago

OXFORD INDIES: Great meet last night. The oxford indie circle widens.
  There were whisperings of lunch today by some… don’t know where yet.

PAUL S BURGESS: After seeing people have a go at Stargazing last night, today I will be working on developing the in-game tips a little more...

KENNETH TURNER: hi Oxford Indies shall we do lunch at café coco?

NOBODYWEKNOW: Joel Jordon, Esp. hard to resist when a prog that proved crucial to the prev. run turns up in Sect1—likely to lack $/E to survive its siphon.
  frie(n)dhoff, Oh but they should still grow up to form rival bands—I'd assumed Gimbal Lock would be the Misfits but now I think that one's Jem

ROBERT LOCKHART: In 1926, John Dewey used the expression "cramp their style" (in quotes). I thought the disdain for young people saying this was newer.

KENNETH TURNER: Paul Harrison, and Colin Wallace  I've got a flat in London next week if you want to meet up

ROBERT LOCKHART: Chris Bell, Will I see you at PRACTICE next week?

SQUINKY: Wow, the "whack repeatedly with a wooden spoon" method of de-seeding pomegranates really does work, and is also more fun than other methods.
  Nothing says familial love like long-distance tech support.
  Aaron Williamson, Not if you hold it over a bowl!

PUMPED: BMX: Robin Ogden, errr not sure! possibly not... hmm.
  first full week of full time indie-ing complete. my todo list is not as annihilated as I'd hoped. next week.

SQUINKY: Darius Kazemi, I wish, but I think my father is more set in his "eat straight off the skin" method.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Goob, I didn't get pictures of the unicycle with disc brakes, sadly.
  Thor: basically two hours of glorious sci-fi concept drawing porn with occasional snark commentary from some actors.

JOSEF A: The world seems dangerously unmagical tonight. I wish everything were covered in moss.
  Lara Dwyer, yeeeeeah I'm gonna do that soon, for certainement!

PUMPED: BMX: Robin Ogden, yeaaah I don't see why not - just have an early night before!

JOSEF A: My body hurts for no good reason. I think my particles have lost quantum synchronization with the world around them.
  Jill, It's hard to do good design work and coding when you only have hooves.
  Jill, Or were you talking about Centaurs? Because then there's really no excuse.

ROBERT LOCKHART: We're playing Tiny Games in Millenium Park at 12CT. Join us Chicago Game Lovers! (southwest corner of the Art Institute)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: I am the offices of The Witness in a weekend day... I could grab a computer with a build and run, run away.
  Caprixton, I am torn about it... AC is very, very mental. It is missing a "soft" component for this list, but it does follow the rules!
  Felipe Budinich, Adam I'd just stick with videogames, physical objects are hard to get in many countries (like mine!).
  Jack White, mmm... it's actually pretty hard for children... the challenges are extremely cryptic. Fine to fool around, though!
  Linus Josephson, yeah, what I want are games that make non gamers go "I didn't know games could tackle these subjects in such a good way"...
  Adam, I will rewrite the rules again this monday, but an unwritten one is...
  Adam, what I want are games that make non gamers go "I didn't know games could tackle such a subject in such a good way"...
  Adam, lots of very good games out there! I am just trying to achieve a specific effect with the selection...
  Adam, LI -&gt; too grindy and patience-trying, WD -&gt; zombies, KRZ -&gt; not too culturally universal?, UBT -&gt; too texty? Maybe KRZ...
  Hauke, love Judith, but it's a bit too obscure. I wouldn't introduce cinema with David Lynch! I prefer games more *intense* than Proteus..
  Hauke, intense in the sense that the game requires your full attention, delivers its experience fairly quickly and has emotional impact.
  Sadegh Broomand, I think it is too puzzly, but hey, I'll try it!
  Tale of Tales, I know, so do I. But this list has the agenda of being as broad as possible in their experiencies. It is not a best-of thing...
  Tale of Tales, ... or a "trascendental experiences" list. It does not try to hit a few souls deeply, it's trying to splash a lot :) my hope...
  Tale of Tales, ... is that it hints people that there might be something deeper or more personal for them to look for in games after all...
  Matt Lindquist, actually, my issue with To The Moon is that it's not gamey in its mechanics but it is gamey in its subject...
  Ian Bogost, if we fool ourselves, what will become of our children?
  Tale of Tales, I agree, I observed the same. And they can't often articulate inaccessibility because they are not familiar with the concept...
  Tale of Tales, I spent the past month traveling and conferencing, but it's on the top of my backlog!
  Tale of Tales, but in any case, I don't mean "easy", but accessible. Games nowadays (even yours!) assume gamey things of its audience.
  Tale of Tales, Jerœn D Stout WASD is not a problem, I observed. But navigating complicated geometry and framerate issues are!
  Matthew Franklin, Hauke I'm sure we could say that about any game, given a particular individual. List is targeted at a skeptic thinking games are..
  Matthew Franklin, Hauke ...childish and time wasters and pointless. That's why Proteus is not there... I am not convinced it's a good fit.
  Matthew Franklin, I felt that Cart Life needs you to play for a long time before you see why it matters...
  Matthew Franklin, downloading...
  Ian Bogost, Matthew Franklin well, all lists are! I am having these discussions to try to put the arbitrariety in the rules instead of the game picks.

SQUINKY: Sometimes, you can be vocal about things. But sometimes, you just can't fight that battle right now, and that's okay.
  Arden, Me too. :)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Squirrel Eiserloh, consoles exclusives are excluded :)

SQUINKY: Day 9 and just over 15K. I'm on a roll!

DANIEL BENMERGUI: I don't feel any attraction towards board games. Maybe it's the bearded nerd culture around them. I guess I am tired of that environment.
  Entriech, maybe I was traumatized by that venture.
  To clarify, bearded nerd culture has already taken comics and the last bastion of videogames are sports games, turf of male sports fans.
  Chris Hecker, I don't believe I classify as nerd. I am not hardcore enough.
  Daniel Benmergui, your games hace set too high of a bar for me. I am coward, I know...
  Daniel Benmergui, sport game players bachelors or bored married men ain't have time for elves.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Thor 2: Strange mash up of Return of the King, Attack of the Clones, Doctor Who and...Teletubbies.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Shane Tilton, mostly males, nerdy, looking nerdy, playing boardgames that look nerdy, talking about boardgames. Lots of fantasy porn. Like vgames!
  Mike Boxleiter, I thought you wrote "I've seen your beard's dick" and it triggered images of beards and dicks arrangements.
  supermoof, yeah, but it's very hard to attract new people if it does not look attractive!
  Chris Hecker, well I am working to *not* engineer every move I make. I found it worth the cost!
  Alexander Bruce, Chris Hecker beards don't carry that much of an inherent cultural load anymore since It's been so long for Marx.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Grant Rodiek, pretty much the whole thing. Maybe some Star Trek too.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Played some Tiny Games with Brice Puls and Miles Aurbeck . Super fun. That Zombie Game was perfect for Chicago.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Chris Hecker, ah, I am so glad I found you at GDC 10 years ago. My instinct was correct.
  Darius Kazemi, Chris Hecker hey, is that a beard??

ORIHAUS: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, They never stop chasing me, matching my every move, edging closer and closer...

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Kevin Turner, hey, in the 80s I always heard the Weird Al version of everything first.

JOSEF A: Wil Wheaton, Uinta Brewing  Yard House It worked!

PUMPED: BMX: RT, ONSOMESH!T standard I believe!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Paul Hack, I really enjoyed your tenure there. Looking forward to what you do next. :)

ORI AVTALION: Lavie Tidhar, Telemachus sneezed

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Sean Barrett, pondsquid maybe LOTR is, my gf liked the movies a lot but is not interested in elves outside of it. Not even sexy ones...

ANDREW PLOTKIN: .Andrew Plotkin Note: actually I meant ten minutes ago. Sorry, IFTTT was slow about getting that tweet out.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Matthew Franklin, Sean Barrett pondsquid but I am going to guess that he ones that liked it are. Or maybe just Megan Fox.

ROBERT LOCKHART: School idea: Each student's day is split into two parts: Strengths and Weaknesses. Strengths is self-directed. Weaknesses more prescriptive

PUMPED: BMX: Robin Ogden, Ben Reynhart oh Christ!
  Ben Reynhart, Robin Ogden I reckon you'll be lucky! will check out my transport options tomorrow though for sure.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Chris Klein, David Laskey Whitaker Trebella David Michael Mann Sounds Like George Ryan Olsen Mike Meade Agreed.
  Ryan Olsen, Chris Klein David Laskey Whitaker Trebella David Michael Mann Sounds Like George Mike Meade Goddamn Thursday.

PUMPED: BMX: Mike Bithell, if the drinks are part of an event you could argue there's a reasonable expectation that strangers might want to talk to you?
  Mike Bithell, ah ok, so people just weren't wildly excited to meet you, the bastards! I get what you're saying, fair point.
  Mike Bithell, i.e. there's a difference between indifference and rudeness.
  mat jones, Mike Bithell you get it everywhere, from offices all over the land to down your local skatepark.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Astronautumn, Thank you. Much appreciated. Next playtest version going out this week.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Mike Meade, Whitaker Trebella David Michael Mann Sounds Like George Ryan Olsen Chris Klein David Laskey The BEST

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Astronautumn, ill announce it here. As soon as possible bit I have to get it right.

PUMPED: BMX: is this a bmxer's twitter account or a game developer's twitter account? I'm having an identity crisis.
  I've never read so much twitter in my life. this shit is addictive.
  Damian Sommer, otherwise known as 'fake it til you make it'!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: orenronen, Woo hoo!

MIKE TREANOR: Two of the top ipad action games are burger themed.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Leigh Alexander, Ignacio Esains Facundo Manes Rab Florence well, that's what most people think! And sports sims.

SQUINKY: Looks like I'll be back in Vancouver from Dec 16 to Jan 6!

JOSEF A: Thanks, kind people, for buying me steak and custard tarts. A magical night of friendships.

PAUL S BURGESS: Okay, this week: just a little more work based off recent feedback. Maybe *this* will be the last week of dev before I submit?!
  Phil Bradley, Will bear in mind for after the latest improvements, thanks!

ROBERT LOCKHART: Thanks to Craig Stern for organizing a great Indie City Meetup on Saturday!
  Big thanks to Dave Lang and cardboard computer 's Tamas Kamensky for speaking. Very inspiring and edumacationafying.
  David Laskey, Craig Stern Tom Eastman Yes, please!
  The Hats, Can't spell sink without sin, either. Hand washing is the devil's work!

EMSHORT: Colin friggin Sandel, It was great to meet you too!

PUMPED: BMX: Now I remember why I don’t go running: it’s because I’m horribly unfit.

EMSHORT: Robert Yang, I have made small gift games for individuals in the past. I really like that, and wish I had time to do it more.

ROBERT LOCKHART: localno12, ALW's 'Cats' because it was the longest running show on Broadway, and always will be.

SEAN VANAMAN: Chuck Jordan, /googles "star wars deviant art"
  Chuck Jordan, wow, take that deviant art community

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Is getting a Tumblr for Storyteller worth it? It already has a blog and a Facebook page...

ROBERT LOCKHART: Tom Eastman, Tiny Games Gamasutra Miles Aurbeck Word.
  I really want to thank everybody who offered suggestions on my game on Saturday. Every single one was worth thinking about deeply.
  David Laskey, Thanks!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Oh, wow, shader stuff in openFrameworks/GLSL is just *so* much more intelligible than what I've tried to muddle through in Unity.
  Unity's seems to require so many unique keywords to memorize/understand. Is that just cg vs. HLSL or specifically a Unity annoyance?

JOSEF A: I forgot until today: Working in an office -&gt; drinking tea constantly -&gt; clocking an embarrassing number of bathroom visits.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jonathan Brodsky, It looks like you *can* include GLSL in your Unity shaders but the docs say to stay away unless building only to mac?
  Jonathan Brodsky, (And thanks for the clarification. I'd only looked at in Unity's context; wasn't sure what was shaderlab and what was pure cg.)

PUMPED: BMX: @kamcord, nope all good I think, thanks! Just waiting on Apple now.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Burningpet, Lewie Procter Aren't you both muddled on this? It offsets that exact 10% revenue. Tax-neutral vs not taking in the first place, no?

ROBERT LOCKHART: Hat Films, you should hang out with The Hats That is all.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: There is some kind of Internet foofaraw and I am three days behind in reading about it, which is just about ideal.

SEAN VANAMAN: Neven Mrgan, man that place is so good. ugh.

JONATHAN WHITING: Josie Long, Douglas King It was really great, inspiring stuff. Thanks!
  David Hayward, Pat Ashe Andrew Roper My daily challenge had a similar ending today, particularly galling as my last was a successful hell run.

SEAN VANAMAN: HRH Adam Nace, fuck you you don't know me

NOBODYWEKNOW: branberry sauce, (For what it's worth, that's by far the most difficult room in the entire game.)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Pushed the next version of SeaFall out to play testers today. Fingers crossed.

JOSEF A: Mary Ann, Ian MacIntyre But wasn't his response, "Let's get it on"? That's okay, right?

EMSHORT: Michael Thomét, Aw, glad to hear it!

PUMPED: BMX: 6.30am start today. Gunna kill this to-do list.
  Managed to order myself a new mini retina iPad - early birthday present!
  Emil Johansen, retina mini? Just bagged myself one!
  Emil Johansen, haha yeah you and me both. nice little surprise launch too, an unexpected treat.
  Emil Johansen, agreed - it was your tweet that prompted me to check macrumors, and then a mad rush to find my wallet. So thank you! :)
  Emil Johansen, haha yeah. enjoy! :)

APARRISH: climatologists of the far future won't bother with the fossil records, they'll reconstruct our climate from geotagged tweets

NOBODYWEKNOW: Alexander Bruce, (Your best bet might be to ask for a cup of black coffee &amp; a cup of ice. Odd that Aus. wld be one of those places foreign to this)

JOSEF A: I just heard the word "minus" on the radio and now I am staying in bed forever.

ADAM CADRE: People are agog over Richard Cohen's race columns, but he's been on my shit list since his "algebra is for losers" piece back in 2006

JOSEF A: Sure, I guess I'll listen to dubstep all day while writing about software development. Why not?   I have once again forgotten who I am.
  Glyn Bowerman, Jon Blair Better than a gray cube labelled "generic nutrients". But not much better.

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, the structure if that sentence "...fun, racist..." is MIGHTY

JOSEF A: Catherine M, Dudes too it too, depending on the show. It is an alarming trend.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Working on my talk for PRACTICE this weekend. The fact that my mom will be in the audience is oddly unnerving, even at age 43 1/2.

APARRISH: "I won't show how I know this code works, or guarantee it doesn't break older code. you want me to push to prod or what?"—before unit tests
  seriously I think back to all the projects I worked on without tests and I'm like, how rude was that? almost contemptuous

ORI AVTALION: Nick Fisk, Will you stock the Hive Pillbug expansion, or is it offered exclusively by Gen42?

DANIEL BENMERGUI: ron carmel, ugh...

APARRISH: Casey Kolderup, and as we all know, jazz is the rudest, most contemptuous form of music

ORI AVTALION: Nick Fisk, Thanks! Will keep an eye out! And if I'm reminding things, the Special Offers page has a few out of stock items listed. :)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I feel like I should blog about my use of MongoDB in Seltani, but basically "It wasn't an entirely stupid choice and it hasn't choked yet."
  Capella, For short-term lookahead: Dark Sky.

SQUINKY: Someone made a comment to me about Canadian humour. I imagine Americans see it as like British humour, but cuddlier and less threatening.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Squinky, That's pretty much right -- except Canadian humor is still mostly about cow farming, whereas British humor is all in London.

SQUINKY: Andrew Plotkin, I thought that was only in Alberta.

JON INGOLD: Jonathon Myers, I've just watched back the talk I did at Adventure X last year, and see I dissed the GoT Facebook game having not played it
  Jonathon Myers, So i just wanted to apologise for that...!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Squinky, All the Canadian humor I'm familar with is from Alberta.

SQUINKY: Andrew Plotkin, Alberta will do that to you. (I spent the better part of my childhood there.)

ROBERT LOCKHART: @JaredSteffes, Adam Smoothie in a beer hat?

JOSEF A: Challenge: find me a song containing use of a glockenspiel that I don't enjoy.
  Same goes for bass clarinet. Opposite is true for soprano sax.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jason McIntosh, Yikes, I remember that location from Deus Ex 1.

PUMPED: BMX: Ben Reynhart, Mutant Labs Robin Ogden god damn you guys and your peer pressure techniques! I just booked my ticket. :D
  Ben Reynhart, Mutant Labs Robin Ogden Tom Platten-Higgins should be a laugh, no idea what I'm doing though haha! see you Saturday morning :)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Sean Barrett, Someone will forward the link to him, or not. Out of my hands.

MIKE TREANOR: Adam Kokesh, I missed your rants! Good luck dude!
  Spencer's 1st book: "Social Statics, or The Conditions essential to Happiness specified, and the First of them Developed". Que chutzpah!
  That was a huge influence for me. I have to go to the 19th c. to stomach anything political.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Noyb, Yeah, you can write shaders to be aware of screen pos but can't write to a framebuffer &amp; manipulate the screen as though a texture

MIKE TREANOR: It's amazing how good music can be when you sit equidistant from a couple of stereo speakers. Try it!

JOSEF A: Marla Kishimoto, Okay, ya got me, Gershwin. But it's the muted trumpets that really save the day.

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, this all needs to stop cc Nick Breckon

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Steve Lacy, Tweaks are certainly possible. I've tested it on tablets but not given any thought to phones.
  Sean Barrett, Yeah, there's a distinction between replies, declarations, and agreement-statements that I never bothered to sort out.

ORIHAUS: Eli Brody, Hunting  Anubis Right now it doesn't really, just cuts your mobility on the vertical axis and makes you more vulnerable to dives.
  Eli Brody, Hunting  Anubis I may make an exploration game using the flight model for a jam!

PUMPED: BMX: Unity Technologies, 4.3 installed without issue. Win!

ORI AVTALION: Chris Remo, Jake Rodkin The first one is personal, the second uses Google Apps, and the third has the "Unread message icon" Labs feature enabled.

APARRISH: "athletics" is the best, most meta name for a sports team. it's pretty much like calling your team "the sports players."
  "nets" is also good. there should be more teams whose names are meronyms of the sport involved. Pittsburgh Pucks, Bakersfield Breakaway Rims
  why polygon doesn't call their review scores "The Polygon Count" is beyond me

JOSEF A: Katie Simpson, Can anyone see if his fingers are crossed?
  Who let me leave the house with a shirt this rumpled?

SQUINKY: Silly Americans. 11-12-13 is NEXT month.

APARRISH: there should be a video game that replicates the pleasure and satisfaction of looking at a really clean git diff
  Wyatt, wait you mean I've been playing video games all day THIS WHOLE TIME?

JOSEF A: Good energy down at Nathan Phillips.
  KevinPatrickRobbins, Now is lunch. Spoiled child recess happened earlier, and Ford was late coming back from it.

JONATHAN WHITING: CMRN KNZLMN, Not really sure how to process. That album is pretty quintessential of his work, right? (Also, it's pretty great.)
  CMRN KNZLMN, Yeah, you might have something there. I haven't heard much I was impressed with post Rockin' the Suburbs (which I like).

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Congrats Cyan Inc. for hitting their Obduction goal. Now’s the time to jump in if you hadn’t, or if you are an oculus rift fan, etc.

JOSEF A: Gabriel Mansour, TSO tsoundcheck WWIS I've got to get out to the orchestra more often...

NOBODYWEKNOW: Paul Hack, @indiestatik Oh, the longer format suits you. That was a great read!

JOSEF A: Matt Elliott, Fucking hell. This is upsetting.

SEAN VANAMAN: Daniel Premo, still, you dont name your company something stupid and then put it on the side of a goddamn arena!

JONATHAN WHITING: Niall Moody, nice time nonetheless! I wasn't feeling unhappy with my sub 12 min run today (until now).
  Niall Moody, Hah! Well, I might have to start taking it more seriously then! ;)
  David Whiting, Well, I'm pretty sure I have, but only with a really rubbish record (that I'd had high hopes for).

SEAN VANAMAN: You know what's fun? Starting a video game company in SF and trying to write the sentence you say after "No, we're not actually a start up."
  Jake Rodkin, "We're not a START UP start up, but yeah, we're starting up. Video games. No, not like Zynga. Did we vest? What this is a hoodie."
  jake just said "Gonna download this free DLC. More like FREE-LC," how do you get bloodstains out of laminate flooring
  M.C. Wilson, ladies at mexican restaurants think differently. (investors know to stay away from games like the plague)
  Matthew Franklin, this son of a bitch said "this thing is five gig-o's" after using FREE-LC in a sentence.
  Sarah Argodale, *haloverse.
  Sarah Argodale, Chris Remo sounds like munro is a street term for some sorta drug
  Steven Frank, this is the only way to listen to idle thumbs GOD IT'S SO GOOD

JOSEF A: Guys, what would it be like if he was Rob FJORD instead?
  Stop successfully trying to make me feel better about myself, universe!!  Ok fine, I guess you can continue.

MIKE TREANOR: My reaction to Candy Crush is awe - "a feeling of reverential respect mixed with fear or wonder."

APARRISH: got the golden shovel. contact my agent; I'm available to give motivational speeches and commencement addresses.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, It's not so bad.

ROBERT LOCKHART: mathiasx, That's just how the penguin crumbles.
  Marc Bernardin, is your pic a still from 'Ghost Dad'?
  Kevin Dent, I voided the warranty cause I ain't a part of your system, man!
  Adam, (puts on Marvin Gaye) Hey Adobe Flash Builder 4.6. Lookin' fine. You and me got a lot of history. I can love you brand new ways

JOSEF A: Marla Kishimoto, Elana And yet she tweets it quite differently...
  Marla Kishimoto, Elana You should take responsibility for your boozing and sincerely, sincerely apologize. Ann's then do it again.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Joshua Boggs, Nathan Vella Adam Rami Ismail Why Am I in that select group?
  Joshua Boggs, Nathan Vella Adam Rami Ismail why am I not in that select group?

SQUINKY: You know you've entered the right grad school program when the social events consist of talentless shows and girly movie nights.

ORIHAUS: Waiting For Horus, Luxuria Superbia I'm sorry. So sorry... Going to have to put WFH back in her hanger.

JONATHAN WHITING: Andy Haith, Congrats on the release man! (wish I had an ithing I could try it on)

PUMPED: BMX: Currently watching really old south park and animating a guy on a kids bike… life is weird.

JONATHAN WHITING: Andy Haith, Cool. I do have a nexus tablet thing.

JON INGOLD: [spoiler's encrypted] Re: the doctor who short, is that the first time we've seen Mr. X ++?

JOSEF A: Theory: Ford's off-putting comments re: eating at home were carefully calculated to de-sensitize us in prep for upcoming sex tape release.

EMSHORT: Gerald Aungst, It has been on a bit of a hiatus for work and life reasons, but Graham expects to come back to it in a few months.
  Gerald Aungst, Yeah, not dead. Graham and I got married earlier this year, and the immigration/moving/etc have kept us both busy
  Gerald Aungst, thanks!

JOSEF A: Wil Wheaton, Try living in Toronto. They've put it in the drinking water.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: On train to Practice in New York. Insufficient bandwidth to watch Dr Who promos. Noooooooo
  Amanda Cosmos, Trains are lovely!

JOSEF A: Liz Jukovsky, Nooooooooooooo! (Also it's Friday)
  Glam PorNoël, So, business as usual, then?

APARRISH: Casey Kolderup, "These here are A, those there are B, and over yonder? They're A *and* B."

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jason McIntosh, I didn't say Twitter was about to shut them down, I said Twitter had started to phase them out.

JON INGOLD: Editor (Alex), Fighting Fantasy jamie mcgregor Couldn't agree more. Creature of Havoc all the way.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Daniel Cook, Are you going to be at PRACTICE tomorrow?

JOSEF A: tess degenstein, Where is the science to support that claim? I hope there is some science, because it's a great claim.
  Good move, Kathleen!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I can see parallel jet contrails radiating from where LaGuardia sits on the horizon. Unexpected. They point towards Europe, I think.

MIKE TREANOR: Has anyone used Processing in an intro to programming class? Any syllabi you wanna share, or particular books/resources you recommend?
  Stacey Mason, Awesome, thanks!

JONATHAN WHITING: . Bennett A friend once whined (re Perfect Dark) "It's not realistic and it's colourful in the wrong ways" This is now my preferred aesthetic.

SQUINKY: Side effect of being away from Vancouver: getting a little excited when I hear someone speaking Farsi.

JOSEF A: Kevin Allison, Don't encourage him! He really doesn't get the joke.
  meg fraser, You picked least favourite words that are really easy to use in the same sentence. If that happens does your head explode?

JONATHAN WHITING: Finished reading Racing the Beam this evening. Enjoyed. Great insight into the nuts and bolts of VCS, and game design under restriction.
  Hayden Scott-Baron, The writing is more open than you might expect, but yes, it'll be rather dry if the technical bits aren't intrinsically interesting.

SEAN VANAMAN: Xbox, that is the worst vine. come on!

MIKE TREANOR: Simon Ferrari, You got my number homie. Give me a call if you want the real deal chat.
  Mark J. Nelson, Simon Ferrari that's only ONE of my suggestions...

JOSEF A: popular request, But it looks so much better on you than that chickenshit outfit.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I am a foreigner in New York. I keep swiping my subway card wrong.
  Bu it must be the future, because the escalators at Penn Station have blue LEDs now.
  Also: all the Helvetica in the *world*.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Thanks, NYU Game Center for hosting the Ludic Century debate. It was 1.378 barrels of laughs.

SEAN VANAMAN: Nick Breckon, Jake Rodkin Chris Remo we call it the hydra call -- sometimes the only way to get a remo

ORIHAUS: Devine Lu Linvega, BR1GHT PR1MATE Sean Hogan Problem is, by identifying work as 'not a game', you're cutting it off from all support networks.
  Devine Lu Linvega, BR1GHT PR1MATE Sean Hogan Something a lot of the people that make this stuff cannot afford.

PUMPED: BMX: Technical debt day today I think… tidy up and write some comments.

JONATHAN WHITING: Hey Oxford Indies lunch at Pierre Victoire today? cc Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX Simon Roth kenneth turner etc.

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX Simon Roth kenneth turner Sounds good.

JONATHAN WHITING: Realised it's &gt;2 years since I gave up caffeine. Hard to discuss without being an arse, but genuine improvement to quality of life. Try it?
  Iain Gillespie, I like them too, but with ok de-caff versions/alternatives I haven't found the drawbacks particularly bad.

SEAN VANAMAN: trick to not being tired at airport: run into Brad Muir who is on your flight and staying at your hotel. :D:D:D makes it impossible to yawn

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Packing up to go to the PRACTICE game convention in NYC. Looking forward to it.
  Hahnarama, It's being recorded. I assume it will be available after but I don't know for anymore than that.

JONATHAN WHITING: Chris Bolychevsky, So, it was a short "how do I feel without?" experiment which kept running when the answer was "better". Easier sleep. More alert.
  Chris Bolychevsky, Which isn't to say the same will apply to everyone, but even if I'm unusual it seems maybe worth people trying in case it does.
  Jonny Kiehlmann, I've had two cups of tea and one coffee since (2/3 accidentally). I will eat chocolate, but rarely and only small quantities.
  Greg Pallis, I cut it out as an experiment. I felt better (easier sleep, more alert, more useful hours), so I kept on doing it.

APARRISH: hi I'm going to PRACTICE this weekend and would be excited to meet up with any twitter friends who will be there too!

JOSEF A: Happy malicious ad-ware Friday, everybody!

ROBERT LOCKHART: Untold Entertainment, cool, let me know how it goes!

JONATHAN WHITING: Rachel Kennerley, Hah, my friend Isabel bought some while we were in Rjukan, and we were (rightly) very rude about it. She likes it *shrug*.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Untold Entertainment, Tim McLennan My teacher had eight students each be a digit. I was the ones digit, so I just stood up every other number.

SQUINKY: Mattie Brice, Woo! See you there!
  Today: deadlines and a performance. Antsy!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn Andrich, Ramon Rozas III It wasn't a dream.

JONATHAN WHITING: Rachel Kennerley, Yeah, I remember reading that article and thinking "yep, setting it on fire is probably the best thing you can do with it".

JOSEF A: anna sudac, Can you be charged for that?
  Larissa, Oh.   Oh.

APARRISH: front-end dev: "is the API down?" me: *checks* "no" FED: "is it slow?" me: *checks* "nope" FED: "are you sure?" me: *checks again* "yep"

SEAN VANAMAN: Nels Anderson, Jake Rodkin Brad Muir i'm gonna let @sorenjohnson give me a mohawk.

JOSEF A: anna sudac, A little bit! ❤💥  🍌🎩

JONATHAN WHITING: Niall Moody, Ugh, Olmec missed the gap I left for him, and then promptly stomped me at like 8min 10sec. So close!

SQUINKY: I have so much work to do today, but I'm watching Mattie Brice's talk to procrastinate. Yay!

APARRISH: now that the new yorker has hyperlinked to my work, I have a legitimacy I've never known before. the power—it's palpable. I can feel it

JONATHAN WHITING: Niall Moody, Just drowned myself in the Olmec lava with 7 min 10 sec on the clock. SPELUNKKKKYYYYYY

KENNETH TURNER: Simon Roth, Jonathan Whiting Oxford Indies Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX been working in the big smoke. Sad to have misses indies lunch

SQUINKY: I really like bears., Mattie Brice I see someone with a camera. I'll see if I can find out what it's for.

SEAN VANAMAN: Soren Johnson, Nels Anderson Jake Rodkin Brad Muir I would've let you do it!

APARRISH: Floor Four Ventures, The New Yorker mentions everyword, which I actually wrote *at* ITP.

SQUINKY: Michelle Travis, Yay! If you need any more crowdfunding advice/tips, I'm always happy to help.

JONATHAN WHITING: David Whiting, can be a bit awkward; chatting with strangers seems best, but not easiest. Fellow solo's are invariably glad of the company.

JOSEF A: Chris Hannay, I got 15 also. Which one's the trick question?

ROBERT LOCKHART: There's no points, just props

SQUINKY: Halfway point and just passed 25 kilowords! Awright!

ROBERT LOCKHART: toni pizza, Mine would be UpRocktapus

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Doug Orleans, what grr no. (Of course I've only been in there twice.)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Sometimes you end up at a break dance competition at NYU. Like now.
  Karla Andrich, I feel old and suburban.
  .Soren Johnson just gave me the best idea for SeaFall.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Practice day 1: Nifty talk about current NY b-boy scene. Quick b-boy battle demo in foyer. Reception: loud music which I fled immediately.

JOSEF A: Elana, I hereby issue you official ownership papers for that stage.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Idea for next IFComp: if you don't like someone's review of your game, you can call them out for a one-on-one IF battle.

EMSHORT: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, (virtuosic at release time, for various reasons): Deadline, Myst, Spider and Web, Worlds Apart, maybe make some change
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, the first GTA game I tried, though unsurprisingly I had other issues with it
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, Braid, Jigsaw, Return to Ditch Day, Digital: A Love Story
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, Yeah, it's not that I feel the same way about them now, it's that first hit of !?! that is possible?
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, I do love it when something amazing comes from a person that society might be inclined to write off
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, it is a pleasing middle finger in the face of ignorant stereotypes
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, well exactly!
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, I have seen a lot of positive reviews of it

SEAN VANAMAN: Curtis Morton, ask someone who works at TTG!

EMSHORT: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, in terms of virtuosity, or in general?

ROBERT LOCKHART: Just watched a real breakdance battle. I can't stop thinking about it.

EMSHORT: Orihaus, I have played with it briefly before, though I find it sort of mysterious
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, I've played some I liked reasonably well, some I wasn't as crazy about, none (yet) that were in my top tier of awesomeness
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, (but there are also loads I haven't had time to try)
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, I think part of it is that the house CoG style tends strongly towards giving you a really blank-slate protagonist to mold
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, and I often find that less artistically compelling than a piece with a more defined player character

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Dammit, I spent a week in May searching for a good iPad text editor with gesture cursor control. And then it goes and loses my dropbox data.

EMSHORT: Lorraine Hopping, I remember playing this on the playground but not with any gymnastic moves; didn't realize that was a thing!

ORIHAUS: emshort, Curious as to what you're thoughts/suggestions are on it or the concept.

EMSHORT: Orihaus, I don't really have suggestions -- I think it's interesting and kind of alluring, but I am not sure I understand the ultimate goal

ORIHAUS: emshort, Was discussing this earlier, what I came up with was: "A platform for people to create and explore interconnected IF worlds"

ROBERT LOCKHART: Tom Eastman, You are a prince. A prince of thieves. Thieves of our hearts. Literally.
  John Murphy, Christopher Floyd You're in it!

SQUINKY: Ow, that was a lot of singing I did tonight.

JON INGOLD: Aki Schilz, *blush* lovely to meet you too!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Tom Smith, They're confused. The microchips go in our cats.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Vsevolod Zoubarev, I am infinitely glad to know this.

APARRISH: also comments lol "This must be how civilisation comes to an end." IF ONLY
  to consider: if automated text is a threat to your civilization's existence, maybe your civilization isn't all that good
  "emperor, they're coming to sack Rome! they're nearly here!" "who, the visigoths?" "no, it's... finnish space marines riding dinosaurs??"

ANDREW PLOTKIN: "Welcome to day one... Was yesterday day zero?" Many programmers: "Yes!"
  Being around creative game people always gets my brain joggled. Already a simple one-week IF idea has mutated into a touch-UI idea beast.
  Warren Sprctor says he's going to oversimplify, and then... does. Grouse grouse.

MIKE TREANOR: Charles J Pratt, This is weird. I could maybe see this talk being used to convince the non-gamer suits at some company to take risks.
  Charles J Pratt, he actually is being a pretty hard core (naive?) formalist.
  Isn't the reason games dont have "real choices" because it is financially risky? Not that folks don't know about emergence no?
  Maybe this is how change actually happens. My version of this talk to a room of designers would probably be weird/alienating.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: The core error of this talk is the claim that if two players have the same experience, neither has been creative.
  Need a hot theory of interactive learning (including puzzle-solving and exploration) to balance Spector's emergence obsession.

EMSHORT: Mike Treanor, I'd be curious to hear it though

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Lorraine Hopping, Prrrrrretty sure he meant Ico.

APARRISH: emergence is a property of how a game is played, not how the game (or whatever else) is designed, though, right
  chrisamaphone, yeah! i think i saw you earlier, let's meet up later

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I really like the metric of "How much player experiences overlap." That's important. But some experiences are in your head.

JON INGOLD: emshort, this must be missing context because *every* game with a ruleset does this, for a suitable defn of "puzzle", surely!!
  Michael Brough, emshort ... And if not, you've probably got a bug you don't know about..!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Charles J Pratt, *And it was never the same dog twice.*

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, yeah, this is me reacting to warren Spector's claim that all puzzles involve arbitrary constraints and lack of player control

JON INGOLD: Aki Schilz, I'll have to come back sometime and get another ;)
  emshort, sounds like he defined puzzle as "arbitrarily constrained problem" ;)

EMSHORT: Jon Ingold, there were a lot of conflations :)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Every "emergent" game has planned elements and every "linear" game has rule-based elements... I fear the absolutism.
  Davin Pavlas, Hi! I'm the tall white guy in a t-shirt.
  Soren Johnson starts his talk with the *exact same mistake*. Is this really an industry-wide blind spot?
  SJ: Board games necessarily have transparent mechanics, and this characterizes digital board games as well. Good point!

MIKE TREANOR: I am totally down to waste people's time.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Keith Burgun: Interesting decisions are neither fully informed nor blind. The hazy range of possibility! Yup.

EMSHORT: Squinky, ah, I suspected that was you

ANDREW PLOTKIN: KB hates roguelikes. He hates them because... they're strategically complicated and he only wants tactical choice? I think.

SQUINKY: q0rtbot stanton, Thank you! :D I hoped you would like it.

MIKE TREANOR: The sauce is high in protein and nutrients in some games.

SEAN VANAMAN: Joel סןסץ, I am sitting here in it and it is very good.

SQUINKY: q0rtbot stanton, Awesome!
  emshort, Heh, figured you'd know my writing style and choice of subject matter a little too well by now. :)

EMSHORT: Squinky, I've had time to make a close study, it's true
  Squinky, I was also really struck by the reviewers who took the pc's self image at face value even despite the title as a clue

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Brad Muir: "Don't be afraid to make your game a little bit inelegant." Smartest thing I've heard today.

NOBODYWEKNOW: ColinNorthway, Michael Brough $ in this context's not really perfectly fungible—has diff properties once you have more than req'd for subsistence
  @colinnorthway, Michael Brough (presented as a possible reason you two might be talking past each other)

SQUINKY: emshort, Yeah, I guess if you're not familiar enough with the psychological phenomenon to begin with, it's not as much of a clue.
  toni pizza, Yay, I hope you like it!

EMSHORT: Squinky, I wonder whether it would be possible to dramatise that point via a multiple-viewpoint story

ANDREW PLOTKIN: chrisamaphone, aparrish emshort I am up for ramen. Such foods we do not get out in the northern wastelands.

SQUINKY: emshort, My current Versu story seems to be headed in that general direction, actually. Or will be once I add more internal monologue.

EMSHORT: Andrew Plotkin, chrisamaphone aparrish I have previous plans, sorry

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Talk starts in an hour. I shall pace aimlessly in anticipation. 
  Shawn Andrich, It's a fun energy if one can harness it into focus and clarity. Sometimes I succeed. Otherwise not. (Also, going over notes now.)

SQUINKY: Daniel Mclaughlan, Thank you!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jason McIntosh, We've definitely made conscious decisions to have the XYZZYs cut on a different angle than the IFComp rules.
  Demetri Detsaridis, Yes! Note: there is no consensus on what "fun" could possibly mean.
  "The rules don't say to *burn* the cards, but someone sent me this photo from the internet, and I appreciate the enthusiasm."

ROBERT LOCKHART: Christopher Floyd, Thanks!

APARRISH: "aaaaah, I'm banksy!"—game designers

ANDREW PLOTKIN: .Rob Daviau, Gamer is a good speaker. Not to say that the previous speakers weren't. I just appreciate a funny guy.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Emily Care Boss, Sam Anderson Kate Freedman Anastasia Salter Candra K. Gill Agreed. Assumptions made about digital games should be ignored or generalized!

ORI AVTALION: Jason McIntosh, Relevance? Don't you mean "visibility"? A community can be relevant without giving awards to itself.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: And now Rob Daviau will talk about Foo Legacy.
  "Risk already has metagame. In 2000, Christmas, I was playing Risk with my brother. He stabbed me on the second turn."

SQUINKY: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, Thanks! I think you should've placed way higher than you did!
  Kimiko Koopman, Aw, thanks! I feel like a lot of people miss the fact that it's also supposed to be funny. (A reviewer actually said "humourless".)
  VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, It's been a weird social experiment of sorts, for sure!

MIKE TREANOR: This is a bad ass talk on Risk Legacy.

SQUINKY: Mattie Brice, Thanks for coming; it was great to bounce ideas off of you!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: "Tried a legacy deck-building game, where the decks are permanent and last between games. ...Don't do this."
  Michael Brough, Rob Daviau, Gamer Well obviously *you* should try it. :)

NOBODYWEKNOW: ColinNorthway, Ah, was reading your point differently, but that does square w/ what you said abt not tallying up expenses to lower yr taxes.
  ColinNorthway, (In truth I prob. chimed in just because idea-of-$ not being fungible felt clever—since fungibity is a key part of $'s def'n)

APARRISH: I predict every person in this room will design a legacy-like game after listening to Rob Daviau, Gamer's amazing talk

NOBODYWEKNOW: ColinNorthway, Is it Capitalism or human psychology that makes everyone place themselves below the line above which wanting more is obscene.
  ColinNorthway, (That said, wanting more so you have a safety net is totally reasonable.Likewise for putting into the next creative endeavor)

APARRISH: short, vanaman, rodkin on the same stage? it's happeningggg
  emily short's vision of games is the best vision of games

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Reynaldo Vargas, A tree may be too restrictive a model there, but in general, yes. That works.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Rob Meyer, Thanks. Much appreciated.
  Michael Brough, Andrew Plotkin Don't do it the way I did it.

JON INGOLD: Justin Davis, absolutely. Loved the pirating, didn't care much for the assassinating.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Leigh Alexander, I can't believe you wrote that in real time.
  Diego 'Cool' Garcia, toni pizza I'm saying nothing.
  toni pizza, Lorraine Hopping Leigh Alexander I tried to tell them.

JON INGOLD: Jason McIntosh, but I think the xyzzy's have a smaller, more crowd-led viewpoint. I don't really trust either...!

APARRISH: these guys sound totally different when they're not mic'ed by remo

JON INGOLD: Sebastian Deterding, you know, I always thought Go was a stupid game. Everyone plays randomly until someone stumbles on a win. But they *pretend*..!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Leigh Alexander, You're sitting next to Quintin Smith right now, right? Trying to connect a name and a face.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Chevy Ray, That's sad. It was clearly shaping up to be such a good resource. No traction so far getting others to contribute?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Rob Dubbin, Happy it connected with you. Thanks for the tweet.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: "When you're going from nothing to something, it's all happening right there. You just have to be really cognizant of that."
  (Okay that was super-vague and Zen. Sorry. I swing that way sometimes.)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Lorraine Hopping, Sounds cool.

APARRISH: one of emily short's simulated characters pushed another into a lake. talk about immersion!

ROBERT LOCKHART: I should brobably play some video games.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Julian Murdoch, Leigh Alexander she had that up almost before I finished my talk. I'm so impressed with that.
  Julian Murdoch, Gus Mastrapa don't think we have met. Be happy to.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: .aparrish Cue somebody pushing gravity into a lake, and gravity got wet. (Famous e-lit "too surprising" example.)

EMSHORT: chrisamaphone, it's on the back of your badge

APARRISH: "how can I make this problem worse?"—game designers

JOSEF A: Beret-wearing crossword-guy's rotten old man breath.

JONATHAN WHITING: Had a good afternoon/evening playing around with prototype card games in the pub. I have a mini diplomacy-like that shows some promise.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Was composing a whine about how no fancy Manhattan stores cater to my demographic, except Apple and maybe B+N. Then I hit Eataly. Fine, y...
  (Had a gelato. Also, bag search on the way out the door. Welcome to New York!)
  katherine morayati, I couldn't do it. Cheese every day.

SEAN VANAMAN: Jake Rodkin, MTobias Timpe Boch yeah! I misunderstood.
  Fact: NYU practice is fucking good.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Synamon Pigge, Z apologies -- suffering context fail -- no clue what the subject is.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: MTobias Timpe Boch, emshort Versu Stories we will...

SEAN VANAMAN: pizza boy, Brad Muir nike air verona's i believe

ANDREW PLOTKIN: .Zeke Abuhoff Oh, I like a rule now and then! You know how it is. For variety.

JON INGOLD: Nyamyam, I remember the "bird base" being quite a common starting point in origami. Not a great engine name tho ;)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Three days ago I bought exactly the right amount of subway fare for this visit! (pumps fist)
  Richard Lemarchand, It's not nice to talk about Michael Brough that way!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: About to hear from Michael Brough (developer of Glitch Tank (awesome)), talking about roguelikes.
  Side note: Desktop Dungeons is my favorite solution to the autoexplore issue in roguelikes. Turns exploring into a resource.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Ian Tyrrell, They recorded it. If it goes public or I get it, you'll hear it here.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Dion, thanks. Of course then I drop out of tweeting for 25 minutes.

ORI AVTALION: TenNapel, When was it illegal? (Honest question)

NOBODYWEKNOW: Oh, Doris Lessing. Golden Notebook's the only one I've read, but I remember it sticking with me in a large way.Wonder if it'd still hold up.
  (Not sure why I never sought out her other books.)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: MB describes being inspired by bugs and mistakes in his own design process. (Working solo helps.) Thus the "glitch" theme.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Tweets about Michael Brough's PRACTICE talk got me to boot up the 868 game I've had on hold for a month. Still can't decide on the right move :(
  (But I also don't understand why no one's come close to my 868 streak score by now?)

ORI AVTALION: TenNapel, That's before the formation of the United States, but on America? Was it illegal to read any Bible, or just specific translations?
  TenNapel, Sorry for all the questions :)

NOBODYWEKNOW: (I think no one else post-release has even seen 868's Mainframe?)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Next talk is about Nordic LARP, which I already knew was a cultural thing over there.

JOSEF A: Marla Kishimoto, And suddenly developed a terrible "Canadian" accent and went on SNL?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Video from a (licensed, I think) BSG LARP on a real navy ship. Holy Dream Park, Starbuck!

ORI AVTALION: Andrew Plotkin, Is there a functioning airlock for mutineers?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Nordic tradition of LARP is on the freeform, immersive end of the scale. Also runs outside the sci-fi/epic-fantasy genres.
  LARPs about contemporary civil wars (Yugoslavia), or 80s gay New York culture. A game run in the West Bank about Palestine.
  Ori Avtalion, Probably! Check the web site.
  "There cannot be a LARP auteur, it is simply impossible." (The work is always collective.)
  The original BSG was about post-9/11 America. The BSG LARP chose to be about fascist political movements in Europe today.
  (Sorry, "original" remake BSG, of course. Not the 70s show.)

NOBODYWEKNOW: raigan burns, Nope, I haven't found the secret level either. The Mainframe's something that shows up once your streak is long enough.

ORI AVTALION: Phil Plait, I *seen* what you did there :D

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Red costumes were reserved for "invisible" (6-like) phantom characters, messing with meat characters. Awesome.
  Simple mechanics for violence and physical threats, with safewords. Player death was permitted on the last day.
  Full-on computer screens everywhere, controlled by GMs. But CIC had to be run on paper charts with pencils and protractors.
  Context: four six-hour episodes, over three days, ~150 players, 8 GMs.

JONATHAN WHITING: Irina Bolychevsky, So, I agree with much of this, but you can't chuck every flawed filter, there won't be any left! CVs not very good either.

EMSHORT: Zephyr Birdfriend, they built battlestar galactica control room interfaces with custom physical push button controls

ANDREW PLOTKIN: "We want people to get super upset and scream at each other, and then afterward, say 'you fucker!' and then hug."
  Jonathan Lennox, Heh. Apparently the runs usually ended with a *lot* of character deaths.
  They mention of doing Celestra in the US two ways: as a LARP *and* as a Sleep-No-More style immersive-theatrical event.
  Jason McIntosh, This actually why the sleep-no-more thing made me bounce in my chair.

NOBODYWEKNOW: KY, Cool. The playstyle that's worked for me is focussing almost 100% on survival, letting points come as they may.

JON INGOLD: Sebastian Deterding, no, but I'm now intrigued. Doesn't that always stalemate?
  Nyamyam, good, I think? Sales are good, players are happy, but not many big-hitter reviews :(
  IF people might be interested to know that Sorcery!'s gambling/conversation mechanic was prototyped in Inform 7
  Michael Kowalski, oh, yeah. Busted!

APARRISH: aparrish, apparently I am alone in considering this phrase so unwieldy as to be strangely beatiful

SEAN VANAMAN: عبدو/Абду/あぶど, Jake Rodkin no just a weird photo

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I keep walking past the Unique Copy Center at NYU and thinking "...what?"
  Neil Avery, Simon Carless I listened to the first Big Finish series, but it seemed to replicate the form and flaws of S+S without aspiring.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Robert Lockhart, I will try to cheer you up though, if you come find me. I know a bunch of good jokes.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: "Players are... the magic that makes games happen." I thought you were going to say "...the fatal flaw of gaming."

LIZZIESTARK: Robert Yang, FWIW: There's a new Danish larp called "Theater of the Oppressed" where the players don't control their own bodies.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Robert Lockhart, I'm enjoying it, but a big "no" to that kind of challenge. If someone isn't enjoying it, don't pile on rejection.

LIZZIESTARK: uosuɥoɾ uǝq, Shoshana Kessock Charles J Pratt I think it's because Nordic larp aims at emotion, &amp; sad is easier to produce than happy.
  Jonathan Zungre, uosuɥoɾ uǝq It's different in every place. In the US, NERO is grandaddy. The book Nordic Larp has many games from that tradition
  Jonathan Zungre, uosuɥoɾ uǝq The Macbeth of larp may be Hamlet, which Martin Ericsson organized. Ask him about it! ;)
  Naomi Clark, Also by "the everyman's right to roam," govt grants for larp, and a less litigious society.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Adam Vandenberg, Michael Brough Focussing on survival turns the risk-&gt;reward structure into a risk-&gt;risk-mitigation feedback loop. Safety *is* the reward.
  Adam Vandenberg, Michael Brough (which is to say: try practicing getting zero points—lets you get a clean feel for the game's inherent risk contours)
  emshort, Corollary: paying money for a leg up offends precisely because it disrupts a supposedly class-blind ideology's myth-making.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Nevin, Crap I don't know, I just went to a lecture. The field has gotten very broad, and then there are "roguelikelikes" etc.

LIZZIESTARK: Jonathan Zungre, uosuɥoɾ uǝq It is larp-like,but the participants have no agency to change the story. In that way, it's conventional theater.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Now hoping that "titanium game" becomes a thriving game genre. (Cf Rohrer.)

LIZZIESTARK: Jonathan Zungre, uosuɥoɾ uǝq you might be interested in César Alvarez 's forthcoming interactive production The Universe is a Small Hat.
  Miguel Sicart, :) We'll get that redirect business settled soon. Seems to only be a problem on iPad/phones.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Daniel Solis, I know it was recorded but I don’t know what they’ll do with it or when. I’ll follow up.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Simon Carless, Man, "lose a turn" used to be a common thing in games. Today it's a bare half-step above "you lose the game instantly."

APARRISH: "are we in a borges short story right now?!"—lantz at

NOBODYWEKNOW: I've never heard mention of how Pride went from being a Deadly Sin to something we're all supposed to both feel &amp; feel entitled to. [...]
  When someone bristles at the idea that their successes come partly/largely down to luck or upbringing, isn't that merely Pride speaking?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: "Dark Souls. Do you think that they play tested that game *at all*?" *laughter* (But the answer was "clearly yes.")

NOBODYWEKNOW: Society *understands* that Greed is a sin—even while largely ignoring it in practice—but I'm not sure even a remnant of Pride-as-sin remains
  (Except Gay Pride. Apparently that's the only kind still sinful) (I wasn't even raised a Christian. Maybe I don't understand Mortal Sin?)
  In any case, Pride-as-sin was so smart! Think of all the awful things humans've done to each other out of pridefulness or to maintain pride.

JON INGOLD: Sebastian Deterding, Dammit. I thought I'd gotten away with discarding Go; I'll have to take another look now...!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Christopher Whitman, We should probably all convert to Early Christianity.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Andrew Plotkin, Meant to come off more lighthearted. A mistake in tone. I apologize.

JONATHAN WHITING: David Walker, yeah, there were/are niggles to fix, but the core of it is interesting and playable, which is nice.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: .Robert Yang says mean things about Half-Life. I am not learning anything about Half-Life.
  Hm. Perhaps he is saying mean things about people who like Half-Life, instead.

JONATHAN WHITING: wıll thompson, awesome, it could do with more eyes. Not super diplomacy-like, but has plenty of promising help you're not then obliged to give.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Now RYang doesn't like... Something else.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Christopher Whitman, Oh, &amp; a living deity on earth sounds dangerous, so that leaves us with a mere 17 years from 33AD to 50AD. The good old days.

SEAN VANAMAN: Bennett, Jake Rodkin burp castle. the bar tender will shush a loud person.

JONATHAN WHITING: James Carpenter, I think more land would just make it slower. For now victory will mean *more* than half land, might end too soon, but simple.

SEAN VANAMAN: Bennett, Jake Rodkin it is!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: RY has some really fascinating technical insights about game implementation and, apparently, despises people who enjoy games.

JONATHAN WHITING: Bennett, Jonathan Blow The only things that actually matter are consistency and conforming with whatever code you're working on.
  Bennett, Jonathan Blow Hah, can't say I've noticed it as a problem.

ROBERT LOCKHART: I wonder if the etymology of 'made' is 'manufactured'-&gt;'ma'ed'-&gt;'made' ?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: RY comes around at the end to a dive into (what academics call) code studies. Which is something I am very interested in.

ROBERT LOCKHART: .Robert Yang you should also read 'Racing the Beam' if you haven't already.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jeremy Penner, That's adorable! (It may depend on whether your date cares about others present at the dinner not having had such conversations?)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Bennett, Same Line!!!

JONATHAN WHITING: Irina Bolychevsky, Just with a bunch of my Oxford climbing/board gaming pals in The Isis. Not like an event or anything.

ORI AVTALION: emshort, It also has a tradition of "Open Standards". A specification (usually retroactively) with multiple implementations

ROBERT LOCKHART: Great talk, Quintin Smith !

SEAN VANAMAN: Brendon Chung, thumbs tomorrow?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Home after a long fun weekend in NY.
  Zach Gage, Sorry lunch was so short. Looking forward to talking more.

APARRISH: no playtesters will be sought or accepted

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jeremy Penner, You look great. Hope it goes well. :)

ROBERT LOCKHART: What did you guys write down during Quintin Smith 's talk? I wrote 'LARP with digital components by emshort and Michael Brough '

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Liza Daly, Make beet gnocchi, it's *exactly* like torn raw meat.
  .Amanda Cosmos It's all gotta be in the execution.

SQUINKY: Patrick Lindsey, Dan Cox Aw, thanks!

EMSHORT: Robert Lockhart, Quintin Smith Michael Brough I wrote multi-episode, multigenerational LARP by Sean Vanaman and Rob Daviau, Gamer

ROBERT LOCKHART: emshort, Quintin Smith Michael Brough Sean Vanaman Rob Daviau, Gamer I'd play the hell out of that.

JOSEF A: Oops. Watched Legend of Korra before bed. Now I may have to continue watching Legend of Korra for two hours.

SEAN VANAMAN: brandon sheffield, it is how I prototype things for Campo Santo
  brandon sheffield, Campo Santo PRESUME NOTHING

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Fabian Giesen, I liked it a lot.
  Fabian Giesen, I think of it as a horror movie for grownups...

PUMPED: BMX: Just caught myself singing the words ‘bilinear filter’ repeatedly... This not having a job thing is sending me odd already.
  Ben Reynhart, Robin Ogden how was it guys!?
  Darren Royle, I am now!

SEAN VANAMAN: Olly Moss, I feel like you and Starwood Hotels should have a nice conversation.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Soren Johnson, Brad Muir Sean Vanaman Jake Rodkin Brett Douville Keith Burgun Nice meeting you all. Hope our paths cross soon and often.
  Sean Vanaman, Jake Rodkin Didn't see you guys yesterday morning. Guessing you hit NYC hard Saturday night.

SEAN VANAMAN: Rob Daviau, Gamer, Jake Rodkin I think it's the other way around. Also you're the best game dude.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jake Rodkin, Sean Vanaman What the hell are you two doing up so early? Airport? Did our talk about dialogue on Sat night stay in memory?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Good thing I brought this enormous heavy winter coat on my New York trip.
  Also, Robert Yang is cool and *not* the Devil of videogames and I apologize for my blood sugar crash yesterday. Mmm baklava.

JOSEF A: Jon Blair, No, we can only be Virgin Mobile Mods now.

ORIHAUS: That little IF vanitas was fun to make! By the way, you can add to the scene yourself if you feel like it, though the observer is locked.
  However, Maeve doesn't take kindly to teapots in her mausoleum.

PUMPED: BMX: Robin Ogden, Haha, glad to hear it. what did you end up making?

APARRISH: Zach Gage, by "terrible" you mean "amazing" right

PUMPED: BMX: Submitted (and they reproduced) my first bug to Unity Technologies… I feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
  Robin Ogden, Oh my days! This I have to see.
  Caesoose Studios, Robin Ogden A 24 game jam thingy, I didn’t make it. Happy birthday! :)
  Paul Ferguson, Agreed!

PAUL S BURGESS: I know this is not news but Apple don't exactly make the submission process easy do they, oh my god

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Watched the first two episodes of My Little Pony and walked away mightily impressed and wanting to watch more. Late to the party, I know.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: MOMA! Viddygames as art! A tiny, tiny start. But nice.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Fernando Ramallo, Sebastian Uribe the machine clearly twisted all my pre-painstation fingers, which used to be straight and harmonious.

PAUL S BURGESS: App Store submission is go! Now I switch brain to Android mode.

ORI AVTALION: Lavie Tidhar, Can it also cut vegetables?

APARRISH: lately we've been getting a lot of unsolicited promotional items in our freshdirect orders. if hormel got in on this it could be ACTUAL SPAM

PAUL S BURGESS: Dan Haslop, It is indeed! I have resized more icons and screenshots today than I'd wish on anyone.
  Phil Bradley, Dan Haslop I'll remember you all when I'm drowning in dollar bills, I promise.

JOSEF A: "Grey Monday" would be an equally depressing, but far less danceable song.
  Shane Adamczak, Bunk beds, or Bert &amp; Ernie style?
  Matt Elliott, JUST LIKE A WOMAN.

APARRISH: David Cole, I agree with your argument, so I'm trying to figure out what headspace I'm in that makes the terminology bother me so much.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I have now seen "La trahison des images", which, you know, most of you haven't.

MIKE TREANOR: I'm not 100% sure but it sure seems like my Bolt Bus driver is driving circles around Manhattan.

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, don't have Flash / I've never made a Flash game (!!!)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Stephen Granade, Was there extra pickle on it?

PAUL S BURGESS: Do I not get to set a date for publishing on Google Play? It's all like "ready in a few hours." Woah there, cowboy!

ROBERT YANG: a 1 year plan, after I finish this first person stuff: take Glitch art assets + make a point and click game + in-game mod tools?
  stems a bit from convo with Michael Brough last night about how we modded a lot, yet we're not making our own games moddable? so much work!...

APARRISH: David Cole, I don't think it comes off as anti-engineering, I wouldn't worry about that

ROBERT YANG: Andy Nealen, Frank Lantz Charles J Pratt Kevin Cancienne I'd like to apologize for saying board games are boring last night, I should've just thought it
  Maxime Lebled, he knows you too well

APARRISH: mcc, looking at other's source code helps confirm my lazy hack solutions to problems aren't any lazier or hackier than anyone else's
  David Cole, as a software engineer though I see my work as far more analogous to inventing morse code than, e.g., inventing hard drives

CHRISAMAPHONE: xwjl, kat haha, yeah, i was gonna say, that setup sounds familiar...
  Richard Minerich, Adam Foltzer Bodil Stokke 'Hurricane Rob' hey y'all this kind of joking feels a little erasing of noncisdudes who work on those languages

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Kevin J. Maroney, Yr welcome. Looked like a couple more exhibits are opening next week -- check schedule.

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 if so, it'll mostly involve just putting Flash on automated batch mode (?) to convert all the .FLA or .SWFs to ,PNG

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Brett Myers , Kevin Wilson I saw two shows and was surprised by how much better it was than I thought. No brony cons for me. Yet.
  Kevin Wilson, Seen bits of Adventure time. I watch so little tv that I miss a lot.

SQUINKY: LOL, my 18th place IFComp prize this year is The Very Best of Eurovision Song Contest. Somehow, this feels perfect.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Brett Myers , Kevin Wilson Two-part opener is a D&amp;D adventure starring young ponies. For preschool girls. That caught my attention.

ORI AVTALION: emshort, Still waiting for Versu to come to me :( (non-iOS user)

CHRISAMAPHONE: Julie the Wizandrist, yeahhh that's a good strategy! good luck :)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: emshort, I already find it more intriguing than the wordy victorian environment!

EMSHORT: Daniel Benmergui, It's... very much not that, yes. :)
  Ori Avtalion, Yeah, I know. I'm afraid there's nothing I can share about clients for other systems, but I do hear you.

APARRISH: ZOMG CAN YOU BELIEVE THEY ADDED {{random.choice(corpus)}} TO THE DICTIONARY?!  RT if you think CIVILIZATION is DOOMED

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, it's a cool thing in a lot of Adobe stuff, File &gt;&gt; Automate, you can program it to automatically do stuff to buncha files

EMSHORT: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, now you mention that, I remember as a teenager I did eat spoons of vinegar randomly

SQUINKY: Michael Thomét, I wrote a pretty odd game for this thing, so it's fitting.
  Michael Thomét, Fortunately, it's a short play. :)

NOBODYWEKNOW: Kyle Reimergartin, Step 1 is teach Bunny to yearn for Hawk. Hawk is release, little Bunny, from a hopalong world—Hop as high as any bunny ever did.

CHRISAMAPHONE: mcc, eee pretty!

ROBERT YANG: Darius Kazemi, Kevin Cancienne IT'S BETTER THAN PS2 GTA
  Kevin Cancienne, Darius Kazemi definitely
  for the record, I hate board games only when tired and drunk; otherwise, I'm of the opinion that board games are ok, but I'll never love one
  .Robert Vinluan I like figuring stuff out, and board games make that painful (1 person reads manual for 20-30 min to explain it all?)
  .Robert Vinluan a lot of people hate puzzles because they're "one-time" things, but that's why I love them, repetition gets boring

JOSEF A: CBC Top Stories, popular request Yaaaaaaaaay!

ROBERT YANG: .Robert Vinluan I have no interest in mastering board games I guess, personally I'd rather do something else
  .Robert Vinluan I like board games mostly as an excuse to talk to people or to steal ideas for video games

JOSEF A: Brendan Halloran, Bob Banks Vote on motion: "Fuck it, let's go bowling" passes 37-5

ROBERT YANG: people people it's totally okay if you love board games and I don't! I'm not going to force everyone to play Thief 1 on Expert

CHRISAMAPHONE: ashe dryden, hmm. have you considered speaking at universities about how students can look for respectful employers when they graduate?
  ashe dryden, and/or how they can be good citizens when they enter the workforce

APARRISH: because of the nature of subtweets, metrics about them can never be reliably collected, so they can't be easily monetized.
  I can't believe he didn't consider that lol

ROBERT YANG: okay okay I like Pit if drunk, and I like Monopoly if I cheat, and I like Dixit if it's with fun strangers, there are you happy

CHRISAMAPHONE: ashe dryden, fair. i mean, partially my thinking is "where might Ashe speak that i would ever be to attend" :p

ROBERT YANG: .Cara Ellison ohh I think I played original D&amp;D once or something, and it was fun because we just made stuff up all the time

APARRISH: Darius Kazemi, are you subtweeting about my subtweet about subtweets

JOSEF A: emshort, Hello! Just wanted to say that Counterfeit Monkey may be the finest IF I've ever encountered. Inspiring stuff!

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Tyler Glɑiel, try looking for a polyfill (the stuffs that makes it work on all browsers)
  Tyler Glɑiel, maybe search scroll position polyfill on google
  Devine Lu Linvega, oh damn, people actually read what i write.
  Jordan Carroll, Séance Dungeon Darius Kazemi I think he blocked us :( well. me. It gets the salt out of making jokes a bit. :s
  Paste Games, @mammonmachine it's apparently on mac and linux now and i'm full joy.

APARRISH: (by "can't be easily monetized" I just mean we're unlikely to see something like "people who subtweet about X also purchased...")

JOSEF A: Marla Kishimoto, Yikes. Hope you didn't already get your ticket.
  This wet hail... Seems prettier than such a thing should be.
  I think I just saw an opossum? Do we have those? Snopossum?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: And Boston, again, hello.

ROBERT YANG: Eric Zimmerman, congrats!

JOSEF A: Steve Cole, This guy twote! Twice!

SQUINKY: I need irate drivers in my life like a fish needs an SUV.

JOSEF A: Sameer Vasta, Yeah! I found this inspiring too. Might write a poem for the first time in 2 years.

ROBERT YANG: if you have trouble reading code, read it anyway to get familiar w/ words, it's ok if you don't understand most of it, build literacy anyway

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Robert Zacny, Karla Andrich Lara Crigger Stumbling across this thread made me very happy.

ROBERT YANG: I don't think "everyone must code"... if you're a games critic or researcher, maybe just learn enough to ask the right questions of coders

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Eric Zimmerman, Wait? What? Wow. Congrats.

ROBERT YANG: ... and if you find code isn't a useful lens for what you're doing, that's okay, sometimes code doesn't matter at all / sometimes it does!

APARRISH: a series of technical innovations spanning decades today culminated in my receiving a pile of leaves and a "gold pants mii" from nintendo.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: So aparrish wants to do a regular New York IF meetup (Robert Yang, katherine morayati, etc). Go talk about that.
  Vsevolod Zoubarev, Actually is there an English writeup of this duelling thing anywhere? People here are curious.

EMSHORT: Josef A, thanks! Glad you liked it

SQUINKY: Whee! 30 kilowords of interactive dialogue!

EMSHORT: Heathrow terminal 4. So inconvenient! Such familiar funny smells! It's good to be home.
  v21, I'm back in the uk now, though usually in Oxford. But can come down if not too overbooked
  v21, (I live here now)

JONATHAN WHITING: Douglas Wilson, kyle pulver Greed never pays! Seed was def easier than yesterday (also bomb heavy, but low rope/flight), 2 consecutive hell runs!

PUMPED: BMX: Good news, Pumped level pack 3 dropping tomorrow! I’ve also added @kamcord replays and video sharing. Can’t wait to see your videos.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Spamantha, Tim Chevalier Ian Bogost i think this kind of food is probably illegal here.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Alexander  Hunt, this thing you did, demanding to be educated on a topic by those it oppresses? don't do that.
  Alexander  Hunt, if folks are talking particle physics do you step in &amp; ask them to prove to you that electrons exist?
  if you wouldn't interrupt a conversation btwn programmers to ask how binary works, maybe consider also not doing analogously to feminists
  mcc, er i meant like asking for an explanation of how binary numbers work. which i assume you know :p

PAUL S BURGESS: Karina Margole, Thanks Karina!! :)

CHRISAMAPHONE: mcc, "i have one, AMA" okay except i think i'd actually be a lil embarrassed to do so on twitter
  mcc, ...okay you might actually have a good point about that tweet wrt questioning assumptions :p
  mcc, but i still feel like that comes after accumulating SOME baseline knowledge
  Alexander  Hunt, lollll have fun with that
  dpp0, uh, i think that's what i'm saying. they should gather a little info on their own before demanding others stop their conv to educate
  chrisamaphone, i just RT'd context for this. apparently "international men's day" means "tell women they're wrong about rape day"
  heather froehlich, how is "men's day" different either?

ROBERT LOCKHART: Stealth Herring, Hoot Absolutely! Sign me up for updates!

JONATHAN WHITING: Paul S Burgess, Fantastic, congrats! Fingers crossed that the certification/release go smoothly.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Jake Eakle, hmm. tactics for cracking the initial shell of arrogant ignorance likely differ from those for earnest education.
  Jake Eakle, i think i'm with you on the suggestion that allies have a big role to play in the former.
  Lindsey Bieda, yeah. this notion that social processes can't be observed or reasoned about... i can't even.
  pun sphinx, eee good luck
  Eiríkr Åsheim, haha yeah that is pretty much what it reads like

PAUL S BURGESS: Jonathan Whiting, Thanks Jon! Yes, hope so...

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Julian Murdoch, Troy Goodfellow Lara Crigger Robert Zacny Karla Andrich A dramatic reading would make me swoon.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Stealth Herring, Hoot whoops forgot to include my email: bobbylox@importantlittlegames.com

PAUL S BURGESS: DG, Haha. Asking money for a game, who do I think I am!

JOSEF A: Brie Watson, A slight wave of ennui followed by a renewed zest for life, inspired by a brief gust of fall air?
  Brie Watson, Nope. I was inside at the time.

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, preach!

APARRISH: every process reports using 0 bytes of memory but it's clearly thrashing like tomorrow will never arrive (1.4gb of swap used and climbing)
  thank you for reading my livetweet of updating keynote

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, what does it mean ?
  Game Oven, @xmattiebrice can we find this talk online ?
  Erlend Grefsrud, ? what ? i might have missed something. (Besides Tedx is not organised by main TED people)
  Erlend Grefsrud, if as a feminist you limit yourself to talk in place where feminism isn't criticised, you never talk.
  Erlend Grefsrud, I agree. But i don't see the problem.

CHRISAMAPHONE: chrisamaphone, it might be that these points of view are unreconcilable and i should just be ok with that. but i kinda wish otherwise.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Jeff Roberts, so it was you that collapsed it to half...

JONATHAN WHITING: Cara Ellison, It's kinda poetic that they're attempting to use an online petition to protest being portrayed as a "cyber mob" of harassers.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, she gave a talk there. She didn't fund it or whatever.
  not princess jasmine, But somewhow The AAA death machine making money on glorifying war and belittling women is A OK.
  Erlend Grefsrud, well, you could also look at what she says in her video before judging her credibility on not so pertinent bases :)

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: You know how excited I get about a Dyson Airblade? Way too excited for a grown up.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, ok, so she's making up everything in her videos ? Or "it's no so bad" ?
  Erlend Grefsrud, to me being a woman proponent of femnism isn't really what i would call opportunistic. Especially because you get ostracised and...
  Erlend Grefsrud, treated like hell everywhere.
  Erlend Grefsrud, yeah. right. good argument.

PUMPED: BMX: Mike Bithell, just to play devil’s advocate, did you not have a slightly different position when Mr Brand was having his rant?

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, ok, so what is exactly the problem with Anita explaning game problems to the masses ? it's not like it's a research paper.

MIKE TREANOR: I suspect my life would have been significantly different if I had gotten to start learning to program with Processing.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, ok, on this part i don't know much so i won't argue.

PUMPED: BMX: Mike Bithell, can’t remember what you said tbh, but I certainly got the impression you weren’t impressed with his critique sans solution...

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, Well, i think the problems she poses are real. It's enough to spark my support.
  Erlend Grefsrud, i didn't read it like that.

PUMPED: BMX: Mike Bithell, Ah, fair enough. I’ll go back to attempting to hit the Ballmer Peak.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, (to her point she DOES pose several disclaimer in her video)

PUMPED: BMX: Mike Bithell, I may overshoot.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Michael Arntzenius, ohhh huh that makes a lot of sense, thanks

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, i mean, i'd be really happy if you wrote a criticism of her work.
  Erlend Grefsrud, because i'm not really clear on what excatly are the problems
  Chloi R!!!, are there real criticisms of her work (not ad hominim or pure denyingà ? I would be really interested.
  Erlend Grefsrud, well. I only read straight ad hominem or bullshit about how"what she says isn't true look there's Lcroft and Kratos is also buffed"
  Erlend Grefsrud, Thought rhetorics in game are different they are still parented(?) to previous mediums. Besides. A pink bow is a pink bow.
  Erlend Grefsrud, (?) = not sure of translation
  Erlend Grefsrud, (especially in things like background settings/plot which still rely WAAAAY to much on cinema)
  Erlend Grefsrud, hum, i somehow agree, i guess. But how does it, for example, nullify the MsMale character stuff ?
  Chloi R!!!, EXACTLY. pfeww. For a moment i though i had read her intentions wrongly.
  Erlend Grefsrud, yeah. wrong word. "currently and why the fuck are we still doing it ?"
  Chloi R!!!, (agreed.)
  Erlend Grefsrud, Yes me too. But i think she agrees too. She doesn't propose solutions, just point problems.
  Erlend Grefsrud, (most feminists agree too no ?)
  Erlend Grefsrud, (which is exactly what ms pacman is btw)

MIKE TREANOR: Bobby S., Good! I sorta feel like I wasted four years in undergrad at the mercy of a bunch of out of touch non-research active old dudes.

ROBERT YANG: Half-Life memories: I bought it so I could play Counter-Strike and the box was ugly

APARRISH: girl you must be a madeleine because you are [2000 pages of proust follows]

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Erlend Grefsrud, Chloi R!!! i should watch it :s

EMSHORT: Robert Yang, Girl, you must be a schoolboy because you are a boy attending school.
  Robert Yang, I feel like there's an embedded procedural critique here of how trans children are treated in public schools
  That is not an outcome I expected from the conference but I'm not complaining

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Vsevolod Zoubarev, Thanks, the wiki article is fine.
  (No, I don’t read Russian, I threw it at Google, it suffices)

ADAM CADRE: emshort, And thanks to your tweet I have now seen a Wikipedia table of 13 long quotes complaining about it being called "breakdancing"

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Even if i find that the narration of A machine for pigs is pretty classical. I must say it was a pretty nice game.

APARRISH: Brendan Berg, yeah, whenever I see /cgi-bin in my server logs I'm all like "d'awwwwww"

EMSHORT: Adam Cadre, clearly what the IF wikipedia page needs is a lot more content about the "text adventure"/"interactive fiction" divide

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: it lacks a bit of subtlety nevertheless

ROBERT YANG: I don't often play or make competitive games but I like to see others get excited so I can steal their good ideas for my Emily Dickinson FPS
  .dead space marine the first time I played Thief 1, it was a pirated version with NO SOUND so uh it was really hard and I got really good at Thief

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Leo Loikkanen, the fact you know from the start pigs aren't pigs make the whole "OMG BUT ITS HUMAN IN FACT" a bit duuh.

ROBERT YANG: Brian Taylor, Emily Dickinson will also be able to open "tears" / quantum entanglement fields to increase player skill choice blah blah blah

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Leo Loikkanen, and i think the machine as a metaphor of capitalism might have needed a bit more polishing.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Joshua Wise, Rust Language am considering.
  Joshua Wise, Khan Academy yeah, i'd be really interested in finding out!
  kat, mym Lauren Voswinkel Lindsey Bieda wait which room was the final room?
  Lauren Voswinkel, kat mym Lindsey Bieda oh right ummm, DM me if necessary

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Duskey, the cold is allright, but man, this drizzle...

CHRISAMAPHONE: often what i want more than ask.fm is a platform on which to pose a question for people to answer anonymously

APARRISH: Darius Kazemi, I was thinking earlier that the opposite of subtweet is really "tweet of typical liminality"

CHRISAMAPHONE: Simon Cousins, hey can you sign my name on that "nooo" thing? :)

APARRISH: Omer Shapira, algorithms always always embed values, even if the algorithm is "random." so yes, such an algorithm can for sure be offensive

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: I cannot find a link to video of last night's controversial final Pats-Panthers play. Any help?
  Robert Zacny, Wow. I'm not really sure how you pick that flag back up, once thrown.

SQUINKY: I'm better at adapting to new social situations than ever before, and yet, I feel like everyone else is still running circles around me.

ROBERT YANG: Squinky, it's not a race! you're fine and charming and lovely
  Darren Weekes, Andrew Weldon ohhh I love the concrete pipes coming out the front of it, great shape and weight to them

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Mike Sacco, Aevee Bee wait ? wait !. wait ... Which zelda is that ?

JOSEF A: Alice Moran, Good thing scones often benefit from the salty moistening brought by a light tear sprinkle.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Mike Sacco, Aevee Bee i wanted to design a top down game and hesitated to use 3D because i couldn't cheat perspective. Now i feel dumb.
  ashe dryden, wait, i don't know if it's the original text or an text explanation.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: eznark, Robert Zacny Once that flag is out I would think holding is a logical outcome.

SQUINKY: Robert Yang, Aw thanks. &lt;3

CHRISAMAPHONE: th3rac25, Jim Duey Lindsey Kuper one from the Miles Vorkosigan saga by Bujold; i think "Cetaganda" is the title

SEAN VANAMAN: HRH Adam Nace, selfie is the word of the year?..

CHRISAMAPHONE: dpp0, a) alternatively, google keywords. b) there is a polite way to do what you're saying: wait til end of their conv, then approach later.
  dpp0, b+) &amp; you ask for ptrs as a beginner. not "please explain right now why i should believe your entire field has any worth."
  dpp0, it was about *interrupting* a conversation btwn people speaking easily about a deep topic.
  dpp0, that's definitely what the original tweet was about; i have just been trying to clarify.

ROBERT YANG: Bennett, Ramiro Corbetta (or Blender, if that's how they roll)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Stealth Herring, Hoot Like'd!

SEAN VANAMAN: was confused in convo with a friend about having a baby. googled "human gestation period" wikipedia: "did you mean 'pregnancy'?" um....yes.
  Evan Lahti, i was sincerely shocked when it said "did you mean pregnancy" i sat there and said "i...i... think i actually do. that's the thing."

CHRISAMAPHONE: dpp0, i usually post a tweet asking for an entry point

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, that is just unreasonable. /sips iced latte

ROBERT LOCKHART: Education Next, Young kids have always been an easier target for media because they think everything is novel.
  Craig Stern, The Internet High Council approves.

APARRISH: every time I hear the theme to star trek voyager I can't help but imagine roseanne laughing over the end

JOSEF A: Bleah. Tuesday night attacks, dealing 3 points of charisma damage.
  Arleigh Curran, What if that man needs that sweater? It's cold out!

SEAN VANAMAN: Matt Duhamel, Campo Santo still hashing it out but we're close.

SQUINKY: Bike ride in the rain this evening. It's like I never left Vancouver!
  Tim Chevalier, True!

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Hauke, I will go back home in two days so I won't be able to, unfortunately!

PUMPED: BMX: Looks like the Pumped update is rolling out now. Don’t forget to review (if you haven’t already) and share those replays!

APARRISH: The Mixologist, I think this is the first one of these where I've thought "oh wow that's disgusting"
  at the gym with sméagol RT everyword: tricepses
  haters.gif but with my face on the guy and I'm eating leftover delivery zeppole and fage for breakfast
  kazemiophobia, n. the fear that you'll tweet something and Darius Kazemi will turn it into a bot
  (in more advanced stages of kazemiophobia, you suspect that ALL your tweets—and indeed you yourself—are generated by Darius Kazemi bots)

JOSEF A: This burned bacon is perfectly balanced with this not quite hot enough earl grey.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Simon Cousins, sweet! could you write my name as "Chris Martens", though? thanks &amp; sorry i didn't specify that :)
  sexual donut, technically yes i do, but i'm not going to make any of those entries public.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Tully Hansen, (Is the "October, 2012" in the middle there a typo or did you write this a year ago?)

PUMPED: BMX: Ben wood, I am yeah mate, how come?
  Ben wood, haha yeah he was one of the main testers - he’s helping out on Pumped 2 too!
  Ben wood, Will do - not quite there yet!
  Liam Revell, Hmm that video is bust mate, are you using the dev version or the one of the App store? I fixed a bug since you had it...
  Liam Revell, I’ll give you the latest version next time I see you. Gunna have a pint tonight if you’re about.

SEAN VANAMAN: Jake Morrison, yeah man I saw him in august. gotta get back to wyo.

PUMPED: BMX: @kamcord, replays seem to be going down a treat!

SEAN VANAMAN: Jake Morrison, for sure

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: БЕИ АБЯАЧАМ, i though i was the last people on earth to play journey !

LIZZIESTARK: nobodyweknow, emshort at the same time, what's more American than a little capitalism?

EMSHORT: LizzieStark, nobodyweknow The contrast was with a Nordic LARP approach in which some players randomly start out with various misfortunes

CHRISAMAPHONE: Andrew Plotkin, thank you for writing this! i still felt somewhat unclear on the finer points of this criticism when i left the conference.

NOBODYWEKNOW: emshort, @lizziestark Oh, much more interesting than what I was getting at. (Thanks.)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: chrisamaphone, I got it, I've only written one conference blog post. ...Yet. :) Anyway, thanks.

LIZZIESTARK: emshort, nobodyweknow Nordic larp supports equality of outcome--all roles must be equally interesting, the king as well as the peasant.
  emshort, nobodyweknow Sussing out the different meanings of "equality" was part of the process of writing the article.

EMSHORT: LizzieStark, nobodyweknow Cool -- thanks!

JONATHAN WHITING: I spend too long in headphones. Listening to music from speakers is actually feeling kinda luxurious.

APARRISH: "iTunes is the simplest way to enjoy your favorite music, movies, TV shows and more on your computer." that's a depressing way to look at it
  seems like maybe a 322.9mb computer program should never be the simplest way to do anything

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Egar Almeida, Don't Read Comments I think there should be a service that filters out comments for you.

PUMPED: BMX: Been a hectic day of looking at Pumped videos and doing tech support. All good fun though!

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: not princess jasmine, you're rad. :)

APARRISH: Nicole Leffel, @boodooperson not claiming this is the first, btw, and I'm sure many brands use creative automated text in various ways

SEAN VANAMAN: Nick Breckon, Jake Rodkin legit decent idea

APARRISH: Jason Petersen, that's what finder reports in osx. du -sh disagrees, says it's 100mb less than that, which is weird

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Adri, I didn't try all of them, but I played some Portal, Another World, and Katamari. Flow was broken.
  Gnome, Effinger was a kickass writer.

JON INGOLD: vika z, I always knew the game was smarter than the player...!

APARRISH: Joel סןסץ, yeah exactly. crash report indicates it's a problem with readline, so yeah, I'm going to have some fun here

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Tyler Glɑiel, woooooooooooo it's crazy how the game evolved since the prototype i tested.
  Infinite Ammo, yeah ! what were they thinking ? Surface is soo 2012.

JON INGOLD: Suzey, what have i done to you? (This one is my fault, surely...?)

SQUINKY: Sean Baptiste, Aw shucks.

APARRISH: Brendan Berg, yup. my computer is a palimpsest of all other computers I've ever owned

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Jason McIntosh, And I when I mentioned the Mystery Hunt at Practice, somebody came up to me and asked what that was, he'd never heard of it.

SQUINKY: Aaron Williamson, SparkFun Electronics They are! I'm enjoying working with it.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Drinking Fire Cider in ginger ale (thanks Spatch). It is the perfect drink. It creates health. …If you survive it.
  YES. Jason McIntosh: "Clearly someone has to make a YouTube channel dedicated to MIT Mystery Hunt LPs."

CHRISAMAPHONE: Lea,  Dannel Jurado it is true i vouch for this

ADAM CADRE: At first I was sad, but I guess all the Winamp shutdown means is that I go from using Winamp to using Winamp without it bugging me to update

SQUINKY: In case of my untimely death, I want Darius Kazemi to turn me into a Twitter bot.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Clara Fernandez-Vara, Should I pass that link around more widely?

CHRISAMAPHONE: Jen Clarke, augh, what did i just read D:

SQUINKY: Anonymaus, I'm glad you think so! (Also, Jedi hugs if you want 'em.)
  Anonymaus, Don't worry; I don't plan to die! That's why I said "untimely" :)

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Egar Almeida, Don't Read Comments it should know I don't like reading retarded pseudo-right wing white clueless middle class trash comments.

APARRISH: got ALL the bejeweled soundtracks on shuffle, let's get down to writing some code

SEAN VANAMAN: "...yeah, because all of our scratch right now is audio from a 'the room' soundboard..." says an Nels Anderson who is now fired.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Chloi R!!!, Erlend Grefsrud just watched the movie and i quite agree with you.
  ashe dryden, pfiew, must be lots of works.
  ashe dryden, I tried to dye locks in black and i always fucks things up a bit.

SEAN VANAMAN: Leigh Alexander, the only way the industry evolves is for developers to imagine games people want to play that they haven't already.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Todd Harper, who are all these people ?? Is it me or is the FGC really "set appart" from other game community ?
  Todd Harper, like. 2 diferents worlds.
  Todd Harper, There's like a huge list of "prior things to know" before entering the FGC. It's a bit frightening.
  Todd Harper, Well. From the outside it seems a bit like elitism.
  Todd Harper, I've always be a bit alien to the values shared in the FGC and e sport or competitive plauy in general. That might explain m pov
  Todd Harper, (BBB looks lovely though)

ROBERT LOCKHART: Mr.Gobun, Jonathan Holmes my pal Michael Block is working on one of those.
  Keledy Kenkel, Stephen Howell I'm in.

SQUINKY: Michael Thomét, Darius Kazemi It's true. :D
  Darius Kazemi, &lt;3

SEAN VANAMAN: Scott, WAPPING!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jay Treat, The first two were definitely in a different class.

JONATHAN WHITING: Ed Key, v21 Aubrey Hesselgren well the main reason diplomacy is hard to model is simultaneous turns, not determinism.
  Simon Roth, I saw that video and was like "sure, sensible enough", but then again I didn't mention that till now.
  Simon Roth, A super clever system might tween between physics steps; but yeah, if your going to lock to 30 anyway, why bother?
  Pat Ashe, Oh! You were at that! Sadly I was not, but both Adam Gnade and Youthmovies are good things, quite jealous.

ROBERT LOCKHART: My Wife and I have the jobs all the 8-year-olds want: She's a Marine Biologist, and I Make Videogames.
  Robert Lockhart, but we didn't want those jobs when we were 8.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Ramon Rozas III, It doesn't look that finalized in person.
  Follow up: Beer, chest, and beards not included in SeaFall. Yet.

JOSEF A: Courtney Walker, I hear that car has a weak point in its underbelly.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: cthules, Um, probably? It sounds like me?

JONATHAN WHITING: Leon Arnott…–, I have a tent like that.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Is there a real hacker news somewhere ? One not focused on libertarian startup founders ?
  _theChesCat, "Guys are Better at Math" : ou comment se ridiculiser en 5 mots.

PAUL S BURGESS: Oh snap, Clumsy Ninja has released on iOS - the freemium Euphoria toy-game I worked on for over a year! The tech is cool.

JONATHAN WHITING: emshort, This sounds like a good thing. Probably some other Oxford Indies people would be interested too.
  Pat Ashe, Oh! You're not wrong, I'm going to be in Snowdonia that evening though, so not particularly achievable. Balls.
  So, Oxford Indies lunch tomorrow. I've not made it to OxFork yet, does that appeal? Rusty Bicycle and Magdalen Arms nearby if it's rammed.

OXFORD INDIES: Jonathan Whiting, I haven’t Oxfork’d either. So let’s say that then…

ROBERT LOCKHART: The Chi-Scroller, That's a good question, and a fun research paper for some sociologist!
  Indie Sniffer, "Ray's The Dead" from Ragtag Studio !

JOSEF A: Dreamed I was holding a baby, and it brought both Hulk Hogan an Catherine M to tears.  Not my baby though.

PAUL S BURGESS: Odd waiting period between submission and launch... Maybe I start prototyping the next thing! Ooh!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Tully Hansen, Oh, I enjoyed it tremendously. It's a real pleasure. Thanks for making it!

ROBERT LOCKHART: Indie Sniffer, backup suggestion: "Orion's Forge" by Trinket Studios

CHRISAMAPHONE: watching an adorable tiny undergrad writing out a progress proof on the whiteboard while wearing a "functions are values" hoodie &lt;3
  Z, invinciblehymn yeah what? racism doesn't exist because classism does?
  enjoyed Golan Levin's Computational Thinking seminar talk. great methodology comments + kinect-filmed generative storytelling demo
  Neil Ashton, Tim Chevalier just as a guess: i've seen "but i'm an introvert; i suffer too" used to reject someone's experience as gendered
  Neil Ashton, Tim Chevalier or racialized, &amp;c. it's also less clear to me that introversion is systemically devalued, esp. in tech workplaces.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Research-based recommendations for HiveChicagoBuzz . Glad the org values validation. Strange that primary data is self-report.

CHRISAMAPHONE: hmm. general PSA: i will never respect you less for being vocal/angry as opposed to gentle or polite.

APARRISH: The Mixologist, this one reads like a narrative, "we're out of bitters but I want a manhattan and oh here's a bit of leftover triple sec"
  I heard that right before you die the diffs of all the pull requests you've ever made flash before your eyes
  "it's a wonderful life" except the angel shows george what all the repos he contributes to would have looked like without his commits

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Juhana Leinonen, Honestly I stopped caring about that decades ago. It's like FTL in science fiction. Not even worth explaining.
  Juhana Leinonen, Jeez, I would have found that game boring as crap.
  Juhana Leinonen, I know I'm not the majority customer case, but I played AA and AC *because* they let me indulge my love of placid exploration.

PUMPED: BMX: Chloe, Tom Well jell. Enjoy!

ROBERT LOCKHART: I dislike people using the word 'design' by itself, as if graphic design and game design and power-plant design are all the same.

CHRISAMAPHONE: wren ng thornton, frequently for me it's not so much a matter of wanting the shirt as it is seeing a signal of "by default, attendees are cis dudes"

ROBERT LOCKHART: Meetings make me grumpy. Sorry about the negativity

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: is there a way to do SSAO un unity non pro ?
  SSAO was my go to effect to make non rendered poly looks kweel :(
  Non textured. sorry.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: I’ve been putting malt syrup in my cookie dough. Liking the result.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Z, yeah i'm considering applying there for an internship. lots of CMU PL grads there.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Doug DeJulio, I did try sorghum once many years ago. Can't remember how it came out.

LIZZIESTARK: Thom Kiraly, apehaer YESSSS!

CHRISAMAPHONE: Z, did you know Ruy?
  Z, *nod* well he wound up there as did Geoff Washburn &amp; a couple others who were before my time

ROBERT LOCKHART: Neal Sales-Griffin, just picked up 'Getting Real' from Chicago Library
  Benedict Fritz, How can we live otherwise? Always giving and overempathizing, always assuming I'm unoriginal, ordinary. Yuck. No thanks.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Argh. The new Game of Life edition uses hexagon icons for STOP signs. THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO BE OCTAGONS. It's making me flinch looking at it.
  Daniel Solis, Seriously. We've lost polygon integrity.

JOSEF A: popular request, Neil Patrick Harris Well! obv..... He does, have a p_HD in horrible-ness you know???!?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Caroline Pierce ®, Nah. Too few people working on too many projects in too short a time.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Philippe Elsass, well. i could make my school buy a license or take a subscriber license (like, 50E/month no ?)

JOSEF A: Robin, 61% of Canadian dads look like William Lyon Mackenzie King. Stats Canada

MIKE TREANOR: Matthew Hartings, Nice meeting you too. See you around!

CHRISAMAPHONE: pun sphinx, i think i've seen exercise shorts for that purpose just called "compression shorts." so, packing = mpression? ;)

SEAN VANAMAN: Chris Remo

MIKE TREANOR: Frank Lantz, That's what I'm talking about.

JOSEF A: I will not be satisfied until my bones are composed entirely of peanut-butter Oh Henry bars.

APARRISH: oblique commentary on rob ford oversaturation? RT Pizza Clones: Every headline is a made-in-Canada headline If it isn't already

PAUL S BURGESS: HOW DO I ZvZ OMG

APARRISH: every bot is a newsbot if circumstances align just right

PAUL S BURGESS: Red Bull, oh hi Red Bull! I'll be watching don't you worry about that!

SEAN VANAMAN: a confused bank-robber covers his face in baklava to protect his identity.
  goodbye followers.

OXFORD INDIES: Right on!

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Ninja Haunt, as we said earlier, it's pretty much feminism 101. So it's hard to disagree.
  Ninja Haunt, (i really like her video to explain to people i know that are totally alien to feminism what are the issues)
  Brendan Keogh, it's not real books on paper and shit ? :(
  Brendan Keogh, shit :( I can't read books on screen.
  Brendan Keogh, yeah, i've got Zinesters. I note the ref cuz i'm broke after buying lots of research books.
  Oculus rift might makes more games where it's just nice just to look around.

JONATHAN WHITING: Bennett, Ricky Haggett strangely, I am now imagining "the power to maximise embarrassment" as super power or rpg ability.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Lindsey Kuper, wren ng thornton hmm, what form does that messaging take for you? i don't think i experienced that even when i didn't dress femme.
  Lindsey Kuper, wren ng thornton (these days i hardly wear tshirts except as undershirts, so my attitude is more "give me a pen or something instead" :P)

SEAN VANAMAN: Steven Frank, actually a photo of nicki minaj :/
  Shaun Finney, Nick Herman i was being a snarky butthole in "i am not much of a fan."

CHRISAMAPHONE: pun sphinx, i keep thinking "zora" and i just realized it's probably because of the "zor" in this username

ROBERT YANG: Oh! :( MT Developoid: the [Glitch] SWF/FLA files haven't been converted yet afaik. The limited PNG assets were / are on the glitch website

SQUINKY: Michael Thomét, Yeah! I hope you get in too!

MIKE TREANOR: Bobby S., Potato should not be in burritos. Yet, I respect your taste.

CHRISAMAPHONE: mcc, i'm planning to write a strange loop talk proposal titled "alternatives to objects".
  e cavallo, what's this
  Andrew, haha it's true

JOSEF A: "Yeah... Like I'm gonna not eat this thing covered in cheese."
  Elana, Quit your day job(s)?
  Josh Bowman, Laura Bailey Diana Bailey Either cut those nails or put on some pants, son!
  Rain drips!

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Oh, Google, you make it hard for me to say “fuck pixels” with my usual enthusiasm. (Doodle for 23rd, has not arrived stateside yet.)

SEAN VANAMAN: Nick Breckon, Sean Ainsworth &lt;3 u 2
  Chris Remo, Nick Breckon Sean Ainsworth bono &amp; the edge

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Lau Korsgaard, I'd love to, although I leave today. I wanted to meet you but it was a very short trip. But maybe, where is your office?
  Lau Korsgaard, yeah, I probably won't make it... I wish I could have stayed more! I will come back.

PUMPED: BMX: Oxford Indies, kenneth turner Paul S Burgess Simon Roth Jonathan Whiting emshort Alexander Erlich Kevin Nolan Love oxfork, but no can do I’m afraid.
  Spent the last couple of days working on some ridiculously fiddly animations, and they now look awesome. Thank fuck for that.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Lau Korsgaard, I am actually close to your office now. Are you there? I can drop by for a few minutes. Let me know...

OXFORD INDIES: At the back of Oxfork

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Ninja Haunt, the consoles get old.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Fredrik Skarstedt, Cover it with wet towels overnight. Should soften it enough to scrape it. Will likely take several passes, each with a soak.
  Fredrik Skarstedt, Downside is that towels need to be wet enough that they somewhat drip through the floorboards.
  Fredrik Skarstedt, I had a ceiling in the basement below that got some water damage. Minimal but worth noting.
  Fredrik Skarstedt, Not sure. I just put the towels out in an area before work, scraped when I came home. Replaced overnight. Scraped in morning.

EMSHORT: Oxford Indies, kenneth turner Paul S Burgess Pumped: BMX Simon Roth Jonathan Whiting Alexander Erlich Kevin Nolan Sick today, but another time perhaps

LIZZIESTARK: Hugo Xiong, Liz Gorinsky Not unless you drive in a jeep to get to it. :)

ORIHAUS: Ah, 'Heavy Metal' music, developed in the 1850s by Wagner and perfected by Shostakovich?  What is this 'Metallica'?  You call this heavy?!

JOSEF A: Deceit and shenanigans.

CHRISAMAPHONE: chrisamaphone, (i'll likely be there, and possibly speaking at OBT about languages for building interactive, generative systems)

OXFORD INDIES: Ian Mode7Games, Not sure if it can be any closer next time. :P

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: yeah. This is the state of mainstream game journalism :s

ROBERT LOCKHART: mathiasx, It's like a micro turing test: What is the user most likely feeling?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Rick Reynolds, You're welcome again. :)

PAUL S BURGESS: We're in review! Please don't fall over, app!

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: David Ass Gallant, what is hapening ?
  David Ass Gallant, Matt Lees KSI ? shit i'm lost. I'm going to monitor the issue still.
  David Ass Gallant, ow. I feel streisand effect lurking in the corner :p
  David Ass Gallant, ah but wait, Matt Lees is the bloke with that awesome dark voice who made PS4 announcment videos ?

ROBERT LOCKHART: .Gerald Kelley this looks so kickass.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: David Ass Gallant, Matt Lees thanks for the heads up. That's trully awful. Microsoft only cares about followers counts.

ROBERT YANG: VectorFest Feb 19-23, you should maybe do a Google Docs form for submissions? having to download a .DOC + write separate e-mail = dissuading me a bit
  VectorFest Feb 19-23, (yes I'm that lazy... but I think other people are too)

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Mattie Brice, there isn't one here and it's kind hard to jumpstart one :s
  Zoyə Street, Aevee Bee somatic cuteness, like in "too cute it hurts" ?

JOSEF A: Gabriel Mansour, Anger makes me mediocre.

ROBERT YANG: Solarium isn't really branchy so much as "bushy", it gates progress but it's not about gating, oh and damn that guy can write

JOSEF A: "Armed with long prickles..."  Oh, Charles Darwin , you so crazy!

SEAN VANAMAN: The New York Times, no you will not.
  Kissing Suzy Kolber, from nfl qb to meth dealer in 365 days.
  Chris Remo, oh really
  Chris Remo, show me all the torrentz
  Chris Remo, i think you mean "the warez of the future"
  Chris Remo, oh i see you did actually mean that

APARRISH: Frank Lantz, it's been done @bot20130429

JOSEF A: MELLOW JAZZ FRIDAY.
  Molly. , Which direction would you like?

APARRISH: Mark Sample, "between wrestling and dancing" is as reasonable a definition of "videogames" as I've ever come across

ROBERT YANG: speaking at Indiecade East this year, "Black Mesa Makeover Xtreme" where I analyze 1 room from HL1 in painstaking detail and remake in HL2
  I haven't opened up Hammer in a while actually, but I usually find that the muscle memory comes back pretty quickly
  Andrew Weldon, I was semi-fluent in Radiant at one time... then I started VisPortaling my level manually and I was like "screw this"

SQUINKY: Mattie Brice, I'm mostly new to SC, but I came here exactly because of its reputation as an interactive narrative-focussed community.
  Mattie Brice, Vancouver's community felt in decline to me because of recession, Olympics, high cost of housing. Many devs fleeing elsewhere.
  Mattie Brice, I felt alienated among Vancouver gamedevs because my interests in narrative and social justice weren't their focuses.

ROBERT YANG: Andrew Weldon, you're a sick man

APARRISH: ♫ making your way in the world today takes no special effort on your part ♫

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: #BoardGamersAsk, Geoff Engelstein Noted!

ROBERT YANG: mean queen machine, anna, we must destroy all 5000 before it is too late

APARRISH: Joe B., now I'm imagining a scifi story where unlimited energy makes it possible for people to understand hashtags of infinite length

ROBERT YANG: Mitu Khandaker-K, I think you handled it well, and you're showing that you listened and took the player feedback seriously
  cutting stuff from my game makes me feel productive because I get to cross things off my to-do list, it's great, not delusional at all

JOSEF A: TheNonGracefulAger, Wait, DON'T do that?

ROBERT YANG: if only I could liberate Blizzard's environment art teams... then we'd make games about things and run for president

JOSEF A: Oliver Georgiou, Hm... What is considered long-term for a 69 anyway? I get a pretty sore neck after 7 or 8 minutes.

MIKE TREANOR: Other people refer to DC as the DisCo, right? It's like Frisco, but better!

SQUINKY: Mattie Brice, My opinion is, of course, highly biased. :)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: My Age Jam world is all polished up. Show up in Seltani on Sunday and you can try it out.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jake Rodkin, Angelo Grant Several that fit. El Grande?
  Jake Rodkin, Angelo Grant Different talk. He was talking about Shogun I believe.

MIKE TREANOR: You had three options: 1) think about your day 2) blur your eyes 3) read a paper about AI models of ideological reasoning

SQUINKY: When I was born, I was a baby, but now I no longer identify as a baby. Which must be confusing for everyone who knew me back then.

MIKE TREANOR: This prototype was about what you saw between the cracks of the stalls. But I found graffiti more interesting in the end

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Jake Rodkin, Angelo Grant its all good. Hope all is well.

SQUINKY: In retrospect, I was never comfortable as a baby. But I didn't have the vocabulary to express these feelings, so I screamed a lot instead.

MIKE TREANOR: I am so going to bite on the Link to the Past bait that Nintendo is luring EXACTLY my age group in with.
  Frank Lantz, That's some raw before my time shit right there (shit in the awesome sense)

JOSEF A: Don't we all have days when we wake up and realize we look like a vagina, though?

SEAN VANAMAN: Chris Remo, the warez of the future. solid.

JOSEF A: Lara Dwyer, NO, DON'T!

PUMPED: BMX: Noah Krueger, hey mate, drop me an email from the website form and we'll sort something out on Monday.

CHRISAMAPHONE: r. glenn, yeah that's a thing. to keep pipes from freezing
  r. glenn, my phone wanted me to say "to keep popes from freezing"
  Joshua Wise, whoaaa
  dpp0, there was context you missed. it was exemplary of the larger pattern i was describing. people do this specific thing to folks +
  dpp0, +discussing their humanity, barging in &amp; asking them to justify that humanity, all the god damn time
  dpp0, it is not just about interruption. it's about power &amp; silencing. folks don't do that to experts on other topics.

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Back in Buenos Aires after a magical trip, thanks Chris Hecker Jonathan Blow Kristine Ploug Borut Pfeifer and Sebastian Uribe for hosting me.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Микола Молодыко, Rodney Johnson prepared to deal with what, exactly? any

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Damn, Georges Lautner is dead :s

CHRISAMAPHONE: Микола Молодыко, Rodney Johnson in that case, i think she dealt with it pretty well.

APARRISH: wow the new boltbus stop at 33rd and 11th ave is really awful. really far from everything, exposed to wind and cold. bleah
  a cart guy tried to charge me $3 for an open bottle of water

CHRISAMAPHONE: Микола Молодыко, i think you misunderstood. that wasn't denial, it was refusal to engage with you.

APARRISH: I guess my favorite genre of music is [slow crossfade from white noise to slowdive and back again several times over the course of an hour]

JOSEF A: Lara Dwyer, Yeah, I decided to sleep too.
  Shirley C, What is your preferred chase medium? Car? foot/parkour? Horse? Hovercraft? Jetbike? Jetsegway?

ROBERT LOCKHART: .John Murphy and Don from CQ are speaking now at the Games for Educators Conference

JOSEF A: Shirley C, Final question: chaser, chasee, or Benny Hill-style switch?

SEAN VANAMAN: gathering a list of rec's for my good friend Hey, Cookie! who could use some reasonably priced design/illustration help. who am i forgetting

ORI AVTALION: Jason McIntosh, Do you prefer playing in a browser vs a "desktop" interpreter?
  Abigail Nussbaum, .... CATCH it another time. Go in the morning when they're all at school

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: The Google homepage has an 8-bit Dr. Who game on it today. When you die you regen as the next doctor. So awesome.

APARRISH: ugh gross we stopped at a burger king barfffff  I was hoping for arby's

ROBERT YANG: shopping for a gift; torn between sending her 2 slabs of BBQ ribs (low risk / low reward) or tasteful (?) earrings (high risk / high reward)
  fashion shopping for others is like a scarier version of Starcraft that's 200% metagame and nothing is certain and everything is changing
  Mattie Brice, well I'm supposed to know her pretty well... so it's pretty much a referendum / litmus test of our relationship

PAUL S BURGESS: Had a play with Planetary Annihilation today, pretty neat. Couldn't really work out how to do the space stuff so just nuked the AI to death.

SQUINKY: So, I guess I'm 28 now? Only one more year to a prime number!
  I was born at around 7:30 AM and to this day, I am not a morning person.

ROBERT YANG: jake elliott, (for Oculus Rift stuff? I do same builds now for Rift and not-Rift, and detect Rift if OVRDevice.SensorCount &gt; 0)

APARRISH: guys rad retweet coming in, it's very topical and important

SEAN VANAMAN: Jake Rodkin, you are a kazoo man and Leigh Alexander is now a paula abdul album cover. it's new avatar photo day i guess.

PAUL S BURGESS: What a game from Scarlett with the clutchiest of surprise baneling landmines... amazing game

SEAN VANAMAN: Derrick Rose, heart goes out to you, man. injuries are a reality but holy crap, you didn't deserve this one. gl, man - you're tough as nails!

JON INGOLD: Piers Bearne, love to. I'll ping you when I'm next around!
  alastair horne, great, wasn't it? Felt really fresh.

JOSEF A: Sarah Hillier EASTER, I think I have the same dice.
  Sarah Hillier EASTER, Not so much. Just marbleyness. Maybe not the same then, unless you added custom sparkles with nail polish.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Just played Brink (that i had for free) and it must be the most boring-ass game i have ever played.
  it's dumb, it's slow, it's bland, weapon are all bleeeaaaurfgm, pfieurk,
  might not be in the mood. But eurk.
  Hayden Scott-Baron, cuuuuuute

ADAM CADRE: Alicorn, Did you not notice that there is a gigantic box at the top that allows you to turn off the animation with one click?

ROBERT YANG: CMRN KNZLMN, Miles Teg not yet but I will???

ADAM CADRE: Alicorn, Well, in the future I recommend investing 0.5 seconds to look for huge purple boxes. If that's too much to ask, oh well.
  Alicorn, (Warning: they may not always be purple)

ROBERT YANG: Graham Smith, drink with me (well I leave a week earlier if you will be around by then)... Also, how unusual / what kind of unusual

SEAN VANAMAN: Neven Mrgan, Jake Rodkin Nels Anderson isn't iTunes Match a solution? Garbage though.

JOSEF A: HAT!! Why did you stay on the subway?? Did you think I did not need you? Did you think I did not love you?
  I have a new hat now. But I still miss you, old hat. The new one has dangly flap things, and it's weird.

APARRISH: "don't mute him, he's praising me!"—Leonard Richardson

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Mr. Joyboy, oh god, is this a fallout prop ?

NOBODYWEKNOW: I was about to note that was the first Doctor Who ep in a while w/o any sexist jokes in it, but there was one—just spoken by a 16th c. queen

APARRISH: so Leonard Richardson is saying botmakers are basically ventriloquists. not far from the truth really
  now we're talking about how tweets from people at conferences are semantically empty
  "I lose a few friends, but I gain a few bots."—Darius Kazemi

NOBODYWEKNOW: I hadn't realized Roe v. Wade's plaintiff gave birth to the child (well before the case was decided). That baby, presumably, is now 44.

APARRISH: "don't trust an api. don't trust an api from a big company, don't trust an api from a small company. live for today."—Leonard Richardson

NOBODYWEKNOW: Also curious: Roe v. Wade's plaintiff later became a pro choice activist? (Also came out as gay, but renounced that after converting?)
  (Looked this up after falling asleep this afternoon and dreaming of an alternate timeline in which the case was known as Roe v. Adjudicator)
  Michael Brough, Aw, in retrospect I've come to suspect it was my partner (whose name I've forgotten) carrying me along. (Also, great to meet you.)
  Michael Brough, Glitch Tank, on the other hand, I couldn't quite track even as an onlooker (which is of course a bit fascinating in itself)
  Hayden Cacace, Michael Brough Oh, great! (I think you picked up on most of our strategies first.) We'll have to hold an NYC tournament some day.

ADAM CADRE: Jason McIntosh, Thanks, and thanks for the alert!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Fredrik Skarstedt, Glad to hear it!

ADAM CADRE: Jason Dyer, I haven't given up on it — it's actually third in my queue. 2016? 2017? Depends on how the first two things in the queue shake out.

SEAN VANAMAN: Steve Benen, Greg Brown JohnCornyn had enough characters to spell the 3/4 words required to make that an actual sentence.

ADAM CADRE: Robb Sherwin, Jason Dyer Yeah, ZS was already going to be my next IF project. Dusting off SC2 got me poking at it for the 1st time in forever.

APARRISH: Tully Hansen, Leonard Richardson thanks! great to chat with you too.

JOSEF A: Am I wrong in thinking that basset hounds are objectively ugly?
  Lara Dwyer, Yeah, I'm edgy alright. *dons leather jacket* *flips off a basset hound* *lights cigarette* *coughs*
  Guys, burlesque Viserys was the sexiest burlesque Game of Thrones, and now I'm all confused about myself.
  I mean, it was a girl Viserys, but a Viserys nonetheless. Also, I coveted her sweet Targaryen tunic.
  50 saves? That is just unreasonable, James Reimer.

SQUINKY: And that was a birthday!

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Ah, right: specifically resists mastery. Does turn-based mode alternate turns or execute choices after both players have picked?
  Casey Goodrow, mcc (Sharecart1000 missed opportunity.)   (Or next iteration; requires a bit more coordination.)

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Noel Berry, i begin to love the "unity barebone" aesthetic.

CHRISAMAPHONE: dpp0, just personal experience (mine &amp; others').

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: I seriously don't care about the new consoles. Imma gonna buy a pc.

ORIHAUS: Used to think modern-tech-as-metaphor was a corny device, but thinking on it it's something we do unthinkingly, 'Tune out', 'On my radar'.

ORI AVTALION: Scott Nicholson, I thought Magic players usually only play Magic

ORIHAUS: direlog, library sin

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: not princess jasmine, yeah. the human element. I like it.
  I was really a console fan but this new gen is not appealing at all. Might it be the last one?
  ok rephrase : could it be that it is the last one ?

APARRISH: Brock Jargotron, I keep wanting to answer all of these with "in a sense..."

CHRISAMAPHONE: constellationpgh, aw, y'all are closed on sundays? :( was hoping for a cozy place to work on writing a talk. sadness.

JOSEF A: Sam S Mullins, Wait, I can't figure out which ones are "down-to-earth" and which ones are "quirky, but laid-back". HELP

SEAN VANAMAN: Zachary Strebeck, oh well!

ORI AVTALION: Jason Scott, How is the Archive Team bot different than the Wayback Machine bot?

ADAM CADRE: Sean Barrett, Funny you should ask! She actually got to mid-2156 and was so far behind that I strongly suggested she start over... (cont'd)
  Sean Barrett, ...she was :/ about that, but it took maybe an hour to get caught up to where she'd been, now in mid-2155 and in position to win.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Kenyatta Forbes, Hi! Great to meet you yesterday! When can I visit your school?

ROBERT YANG: Richard Perrin, I really like the idea of indies "stopping themselves from working", I think we work too hard / we're too hard on ourselves
  Graham Smith, oh, have fun then, we'll be in California / New Zealand... as for "inexpensive", you do know that you're going to New York right
  Graham Smith, kinda expensive: do Sleep No More, short boat cruise around Manhattan, eat pastrami at Katz's, eat bagel / lox at Russ and Daughters
  Graham Smith, ... go ice skating at Bryant Park or Rockefeller, eat cronuts, eat lobster rolls, walk around FAO Schwartz and think about mortality
  Graham Smith, oh wait these aren't really unusual at all, whatever

CHRISAMAPHONE: r. glenn, mym i'd buy it if someone called a 2-column tie "cuffs." it isn't my default image though.

ROBERT YANG: interested in physically-based lighting shaders but so many shader programmers have a bad sense of aesthetics and so their shader looks bad

APARRISH: museums are the weirdest possible way to display and look at art

JOSEF A: Ben Addleman, It's an annual thing I guess. A small chunk of my choir did the theme song at the opening.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: mcc, (historical accord on iranian nuclear use)
  mcc, yup. That's why i pointed it out
  mcc, funny because the US are in the diplomatic agreement i guess ?
  mcc, yeah. With our socialist president we're like a dangerous communist country i guess. And him to is more of a center left.

APARRISH: natasha eves, in a museum a painting (e.g.) becomes an Artifact to be Appreciated and Preserved instead of just a thing an artist did once
  natasha eves, maybe a better way to say it: a museum is just as weird a way to display and look at art as any other
  I have a B ticket for boltbus but I feel really self-conscious about being the only person in the B line 😰

JOSEF A: A pigeon just tapped me on the shoulder with its wing as it flapped by. It was like, "Hey bud."
  I checked and found no poo there, so we can be buds.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: You can even imagine how raging it is when in france all media think Cage is a videogame genius.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, @comradehac Jonathan Brodsky Now you just have to convince someone to invite the two of you over here at the same time.

ROBERT YANG: Kevin Cancienne, the one (kinda weird) game feel thing I like from GTA5: when you exit slow motion, the game goes extra fast (like 2x speed)

MICHAEL BROUGH: it's just like, hey we're making lots of numbers go up so we'd better make the other numbers go up to to keep everything else the same
  .Cooking Papa yeah it keeps the casting frequency about the same. i can see a simpler way to keep things the same

SQUINKY: Iron Curtain (8-bit), Ron Gilbert Start with "Rose", the first episode of the 2005 reboot.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Elizabeth “☃” Simins, buffy season 1 demon robot attack?

CHRISAMAPHONE: what's up with rescuetime's default marking news on sports, business, and sci/tech as less distracting than society, regional &amp; int'l news?

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Roope Tamminen, Lakeview cabin is very good ! I did everything it was possible to do in the game but still had to check on the web for how ...
  Roope Tamminen, actually killing her. Didn't think the axe would work, i was looking into some supernatural stuff :D

CHRISAMAPHONE: Aki Rose, Julie the Wizandrist yeah if the score is tied when overtime runs out it's just a tie
  Lindsey Bieda, Aki Rose Julie the Wizandrist interesting; i kind of like the lack of rule-transparency in football. makes it almost videogamey.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Adam, depends on the parents but hey probably not what else do they play

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: anyone tried ass creed 4 ? I stopped playing the 3 at a really really BOOOORING tailling mission and i'm now wary like hell.
  come to think of it i didn't finish revelations either. But it was really boring. In that regard the third was way better.
  Tyler Glɑiel, citizen kane : the videogame : the movie. With Mark Wahlberg.
  oh god. I just though that after all this shit i'll need to (re)do my website and it made me laugh maniacally.
  Davið Calvo, but, that's the guy from the it crowd !
  finding all my projects, filtering, making nice pictures, write text and make a webdesign. i'm already tired.
  or it may be because it's 1 AM. WHO KNOWS.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Jonathan Blow, Pizza the Hut Cooking Papa the whole thing is fascinating for being as much found/accreted as designed

CHRISAMAPHONE: kat, i mean, it depends on what your work is. but it's weird that the defaults are biased, even if only slightly.

SQUINKY: Anonymaus, Thanks! :)

SIMON ROTH: nvining, Which Intel cards? I was surprised to find the 4000's actually handled them without baysploding.
  Seriously with that last tweet, imagine UT '99 with instakill, on skateboards.
  Alexander Bruce, UT3 was a crime against nature.
  nvining, Hmm I'm using them with GL_RGB32F. The driver was super finicky previously, but the year old ones I'm on now is *mostly* ok.
  Alexander Bruce, Craig Pearson The movement was so floaty. Plus the "story" they injected into it left me embarrassed to be playing it.
  nvining, Deferred lighting data. Technically I don't need it, but the image is tiny and well, I'm lazy.
  nvining, (Also the less overkill data types don't work on Intel 3000 cards. :p )
  Alexander Bruce, Craig Pearson You need to get yourself some Battlefield 1942 Desert combat. :D
  Hmm need to choose what book to read again. Dare I read the last of my Philip k Dick stories in my currently state. Hmm.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Yay.

ROBERT YANG: a sharecart game that generates more sharecarts

JOSEF A: Smitha, There are a lot of those out there. And they're all great. Do it!
  popular request, What's a drood?
  popular request, are you auditioning for the role of the murderer? Are you going to poison the auditioners?

ROBERT YANG: new twine changes are kinda amazing... it's going to be out soon, watch Leon Arnott…– 's twitter

SQUINKY: L. Cupptophan, Yeah, I feel like such an uptight square in that crowd, sometimes. You're definitely not alone!
  L. Cupptophan, I mean, they're nice to me, but in the way that punk kids are sometimes nice to mathletes. :)
  Cody Winn, Lex Johnson Rhea L. Cupptophan Mayhaps I should bring back the Socially Awkward GDC Dinner Parties...

MICHAEL BROUGH: Adam, yeah it's a definite jump up in complexity incredible game though if you do, remember not to include expansions!
  Cara Ellison, link them wilde's "critic as artist" and tell them to stop "censoring" you I guess.
  Daniel Jones, Adam ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES
  Daniel Jones, Adam I'm not sure it's similar in any meaningful way? Has some of the same rules but v different dynamics.
  Daniel Jones, Adam (&amp; in a way it's not really much simpler - most cards have unique rule text rather than consistent icons)
  post-Race, I see a lot of board games trying to do language-independent icons instead of covering cards in text, but doing it really badly
  they realise there was some new board game design technology discovered there but don't know why it worked, &amp; just mimic it cargo-cultish
  Race worked because icons were *reused*, learning one symbol allowed you to interpret several cards. if each card is unique JUST WRITE WORDS
  also Race icons aren't clean and readable (just) because of the scifi setting, but because THAT'S GOOD UI DESIGN
  translate that into "generic euro medieval" by having ornate embellished symbols and it doesn't work, it's thematic but you can't read it
  .Keith Burgun people complain about the most salient feature, regardless of whether its the actual problem; you have to look past that.
  .Keith Burgun Race has a steep learning curve and lots of rules, and then the icons are "weird" so people complain - even though it *helps*
  Yann Seznec, yeah for a lot of these games the theme is tacked on &amp; could be replaced without changing the game design at all
  Yann Seznec, it's pure marketing; generic medieval has been determined to be least offensive to the largest audience
  Yann Seznec, but DONE RIGHT a theme can add a lot, intuitively teach the rules to players &amp; also help guide the designer to new ideas
  .Yann Seznec it's weird how you can't sell a modern abstract game but ALL THE TRADITIONAL GAMES ARE DRY AS HECK (go, backgammon, bridge...)
  James, Keith Burgun yeah make it visible. also consider spelunky-style dailies for challenge mode
  Lulu Blue!, muffins are just dwarf pack cakes
  James Lantz, Yann Seznec there is a reason SF/fantasy are the defaults, they provide an easy way to explain any weird rule - it's magic!
  James Lantz, Yann Seznec (or "alien technology" whatever)
  James Lantz, Yann Seznec it's not just that everyone making vidgams is a massive nerd (though that definitely plays a part too)
  Chris Hecker, yeah hey I could design a game with enough depth that you could spend lifetimes studying it but its not going to sell now is it
  Jonathan Brodsky, Chris Hecker argument for having an alternate source of income
  Jonathan Brodsky, Chris Hecker the modern equivalent though is Dota; more found object than intentional design, and eventually profitable for someone else
  Michael Brough, Jonathan Brodsky Chris Hecker 'course it's way decadent by comparison

SIMON ROTH: Urgh Fraps makes the game run at 25 fps at full HD and a certain distributer wants the trailer at 1080. What's a good cheap capture device?

MICHAEL BROUGH: Chris Hecker, I've come to terms with this.
  Chris Hecker, potentially deep systems are cheap; what makes our traditional games rich is centuries of labour
  Chris Hecker, there's no way the answer isn't yes - but even the discoverer doesn't know because they haven't studied enough to uncover the depth
  MC D'Artagnan, Keith Burgun yes - see original post - it's become way more common since Race did them well though.

SIMON ROTH: Robin van Ee, It's likely that I'll want the soundtrack.

MICHAEL BROUGH: .MC D'Artagnan the thing is, usually it ends up working in 0 languages. sure printing a chart is cheaper but referencing one isn't.

SIMON ROTH: No hardware based suggestions? Preferably external?
  Oh apparently Nvidia have something called "Shadow Play", which buffers video on the GPU. Did they ever release that?

MICHAEL BROUGH: MC D'Artagnan, just played city of horror. It's so many of them though, 7 wonders comes to mind

SIMON ROTH: Ben Darlow, Might do. I'll check out Nvidias built in one and see if the quality is any good.
  Bryn, Nah, they host it.

MICHAEL BROUGH: traditionally RPGs let you play as a variety of different characters with different motivations.
  this is why they're always about saving the world - it's the easiest way to set an objective that works for selfish and selfless motives
  but this is boring stop it
  Daniel Jones, Adam to be fair i've only played san juan in german so text was Barrier. but it's just learning rules up-front vs later.
  Daniel Jones, Adam definitely shallower but the key thing about race is SIMULTANEOUS DECISIONS, predicting your opponent, SJ has none
  San Juan and RFTG, good examples of how small differences in rules can result in very different games. simultaneous vs sequential.
  Andrew Doull, there's the deckbuilding family; Dominion and Ascension are worth playing (Ascension has a v good ios app)
  Andrew Doull, there's the "trying to fix coop" family; traitor games like Shadows Over Camelot, BSG or real-time ones like Temple, SpaceAlert
  Andrew Doull, actually lots of interesting stuff in traitor / hidden team / betrayal social dynamics. Resistance, City of Horror
  Andrew Doull, Netrunner is worth playing; asymmetric 2-player. lord of the rings confrontation is good 2p too
  Andrew Doull, oh Hanabi has been highly recommended to me but i haven't played it yet, another attempt to solve coop, seems interesting
  Andrew Doull, Coup and Mascarade v good, similar hidden-roles mechanic. (also Citadels is a classic i guess?)
  Andrew Doull, El Grande, Condottiere, and of course always always Race
  Andrew Doull, it's *subtle*, highly random but understanding how to manipulate the odds to get an edge is deep. recommend playing vs 1 human
  Andrew Doull, i'll listen to that in a bit and then complain about how they're noobs and got it wrong
  Andrew Doull, anyway you asked about filling gaps in design vocab; play Race. the fact that it's fun/deep/challenging is just a bonus really.
  Andrew Doull, also you should start without expansions EVEN THOUGH A CARD I DESIGNED IS IN THE THIRD ONE
  Keith Burgun, Andrew Doull no, been meaning to his character designs really put my off though "it's ok they're gross because fighting games"
  Joe Wreschnig, yeah killing will solve every problem SO SATISFY
  Ido Yehieli, Andrew Doull Citadels can be very bad with people not taking it seriously.
  Ido Yehieli, Andrew Doull has mechanisms to counteract runaway leaders that if not used carefully can lock someone out of the game
  Ido Yehieli, Andrew Doull p much sucks to be denied any chance of catching up when already behind just because some jerk didn't think
  Ido Yehieli, Andrew Doull
  Ido Yehieli, Andrew Doull not a bad game just doesn't work in all contexts. people can be serious about winning without being "hardcore" though
  Andrew Doull, Keith Burgun Ido Yehieli i haven't played TTR much but: if X is optimal, what happens when everyone does it? still a game there?
  Andrew Doull, Keith Burgun Ido Yehieli "deep" is a different question from "design vocab" though
  Andrew Doull, Keith Burgun Ido Yehieli oh Carcassonne is surprisingly solid once you start card-counting; the expansions weaken it though
  Andrew Doull, Keith Burgun Ido Yehieli worth finding a group or someone who collects them to be able to sample breadth

APARRISH: Tom Igoe, Mark Frauenfelder it makes so much sense when you say it like that!

SIMON ROTH: Michael French, Probably the alpha access for planetary annihilation.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Separately, I think Story may like the end-of-the-world threat so much because it's really the threat of No More Stories.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Pat Ashe, i wonder what it issssss
  Pat Ashe, ah yes someone had an elaborate combo based around that Love edge cases
  Dimon H., maybe I am

PAUL S BURGESS: I do have promo codes for anyone in the business of writing about games. Contacting a few sites but oh god I hate promoting myself.

SIMON ROTH: Another interesting performance fail: I was storing the results of an intersection test in a big vector. I assumed the test was slow...
  ..but when I look at it in the profiler, the slowness came from the std::vector calling "reserve()" over and over as it grew.
  Jeremy Peel, Duncan Geere The main issue with them is they propel you backwards. :p

ORI AVTALION: Lavie Tidhar, It's probably detailed in the Neil Gaiman biography

SIMON ROTH: Richard Fine, Yeah. But interesting how using a decent profiler blew all of my "intuition" out of the window. :p
  Jeremy Peel, Duncan Geere A problem with that is heat dissipation. You might be unable to stop firing an automatic weapon due to cook-off.
  josh, And GDEbugger for OpenGL

PAUL S BURGESS: Oh I actually had no clue Thursday was Thanksgiving, ha. So be it!

APARRISH: the day soon arrives when we say not "this meme is spreading like wildfire!" but "this wildfire is spreading like a meme!"

JOSEF A: Learned this week that I am now capable of hearing "I Can't Make You Love Me" in a sushi restaurant without COMPLETELY losing it.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Ido Yehieli, i hope i haven't caused that impression because SOME OF THEM ARE PRETTY GOOD.
  Ido Yehieli, (although some of the well-known ones i think do a bad job of being entry-level WHY HELLO MONOPOLY I DON'T JUST MEAN YOU)
  Cara Ellison, it just isn't. full stop. what why do i need to explain this, stop trolling. ok i give up at 15 words, 2000 is impressive.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Kenyatta Forbes, for me, too. Jan 7,8 or 9 work?
  Why no licensed videogame for '12 Years a Slave'?

SIMON ROTH: Leonard Ritter, I assume due to the way things are built for SIMD on rgba, no better than colour.

JOSEF A: I always suspected that the Internet ran on orbs.
  The Internet is a series of Orbs created by fiber-optic gnomes and powered by mystical cat .gif energy.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Yann Seznec, time for WEIRD CONTROLLER JAM

PUMPED: BMX: “Thank you for keeping your customer service at such a high level. We all appreciate it, keep up the good work!” - makes it all worth it! :)

ORI AVTALION: F Stavrakopoulou, Only a Duel of Miracles could determine who the One True F Stavrakopoulou is
  Nina Paley, It's really hard to figure out, but it sounds like the regular Aramaic lyrics. I'll verify in a few hours and try to transcribe

MICHAEL BROUGH: ℤℝawesome, Jurie Horneman Mike Rose nobody feels need to change things that work. so many roguelike variations bc they're niche&amp;free

JOSEF A: Sameer Vasta, popular request My social media self-marketing campaign has been a success! I'm in.

LIZZIESTARK: matthijs1000, Evan Torner "Danish designer" Lizzie Stark has answered you there.
  matthijs1000, Evan Torner Er. I bet my comment will show up eventually.

NOBODYWEKNOW: (Keep playing even if at first it seems less than novel! The ruleset doesn't change throughout but your ability to perceive it does.)
  (The level design/progression is such that it misleads you even as to the controls, gradually revealing how you've been playing all along.)

ORI AVTALION: Nina Paley, Verified with another listener. It's Aramaic, albeit with a Yiddish accent, and a lot of 'bidibim' flourishings.
  Nina Paley, OK. (Will take a few hours since I'm at work).

ROBERT YANG: Pippin Barr, aww thanks &lt;3

MICHAEL BROUGH: ℤℝawesome, Jurie Horneman Mike Rose yeah that one
  it may look like i've just played dota since getting back from NY. but i've written some tweets too! ALSO notebook of plans for pokemon game
  (i should stop calling it pokemon game COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT. it's more grid tactics.)

ROBERT YANG: Andrew Weldon, sorry, I just grabbed a photo of some random studio, had no idea it was... it was... who is it?

ROBERT LOCKHART: Sean Fioritto, More of an action game than an RPG, but thanks for spreading the love!

ROBERT YANG: Bennett, I think CLOP is my favorite bfod game because it has the most narrative in it

MICHAEL BROUGH: Bennett, eh, just make things and figure out later if lives were changed. don't think it's something you can effectively set out to do.

ROBERT YANG: Bennett, no I didn't because your games are TOO DIFFICULT FOR ME TO FINISH, can you add a "skip gameplay" button please, thanks
  Bennett, I searched for CLOP and now I'm more concerned with trying to find a way to block PewDiePie from appearing on my YouTube

SIMON ROTH: So reviews directly on the store pages? So devs will have to spend time and money combing them for demoralising abuse and defamation.
  Yes that's a negative reaction, but please see the Greenlight comments sections and the Steam forums for citation.
  Also I'm in a terrible mood, since I needed to install video capture software and I tried the Nvidia experience and it failed to install.
  And bricked my machine.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Keith Burgun, Andrew Doull Ido Yehieli they do interact though, they can deny cards. maybe there's bluffing about what goals you have?
  Keith Burgun, Andrew Doull Ido Yehieli this is pure speculation, i haven't played enough. but i don't like to jump to conclusions about depth.

ROBERT YANG: Andrew Weldon, alright I'm putting in a note / correction / paragraph rant about crunch, cheers

MICHAEL BROUGH: Cara Ellison, sure i doubt i'll have opinions beyond "ugh trolls" tho
  Jeremy Apthorp, Andrew Doull Keith Burgun Ido Yehieli yeah we tried this, can't remember if we did 2 or 3 either should work.
  Jeremy Apthorp, Andrew Doull Keith Burgun Ido Yehieli but the neat part is trying to force configurations that no remaining pieces fit
  Zoë “BeerButt” Quinn, HOW DID YOU GET HOLD OF MY NOTES
  Zoë “BeerButt” Quinn, but these are on paper not even cyberpaper, for maximum security
  Zoë “BeerButt” Quinn, [secret unannounced dragon game] now totally has an ink-based scryptwyrm have to actually make it sometime

SIMON ROTH: Managed to get a good fps capture out of MSI afterburner. But for some reason it makes my game render polygons one sided. :\ Wha?
  And before you all mention them again.. Dxtory is DOA, Fraps is too slow.
  Tomáš Duda, See tweets from earlier. I can't get it to install.
  Stacy凸ಠ益ಠ)凸Banjobot, I can't get it to install.

MICHAEL BROUGH: .Rock Paper Shotgun huh the "score is how many wins you get before getting 3 losses" structure is pretty clever. seven2smoke is cooler though
  DAMNIT DAPHNY, cheerfully defibrillating herself

SIMON ROTH: The most infuriating thing here is I've had one youtuber recording the game at full 1080 at 60fps on an i7. My i5 isn't that different. :/

MICHAEL BROUGH: Anthony, i haven't am i doing it wrong

SIMON ROTH: Glenn Bacon, Yeah. Although if it comes to it I will be pretty annoyed. My machine should eat this stuff for breakfast. :(
  Andy Esser, Kamina Lamperouge Gonna try it now!

ORI AVTALION: Nina Paley, Should I change it to fit the accent? e.g. "vi yasa" is said instead of "ve-ata"

SIMON ROTH: Kamina Lamperouge, Andy Esser Just tried it. No way to do uncompressed (or nearly uncompressed video)
  Kamina Lamperouge, Andy Esser Nope.
  Kamina Lamperouge, Andy Esser I can already output TGA files. I guess I could just set a record mode... but urgh.
  Kamina Lamperouge, Andy Esser My main problem is I can't capture audio due to using FMOD. :(
  Kamina Lamperouge, Andy Esser Level of work required is above just buying one of those fiddly external drives tbh.

ROBERT YANG: MTobias Timpe Boch, more like 60 mins of rules conversations... make sure you have a drink ready

MICHAEL BROUGH: Ian Bogost, a good sort of fight to happen what is an igf anyway? is it a fruit or more a kind of stone?

SIMON ROTH: Stacy凸ಠ益ಠ)凸Banjobot, If you've ever booted them through Steam?

ORI AVTALION: Scott Nicholson, Did you auction off copies of Going, Going, Gone! in the style of Going, Going, Gone! ?

SIMON ROTH: So I've compromised. I can get a steady 25fps out of my machine with the newest Fraps and a mild overclock on my processor.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Kenyatta Forbes, How about the week of the 20th?

JOSEF A: Pat's 24 Hours , That's the Ramones.

ROBERT LOCKHART: Kenyatta Forbes, Great, Thank You! Shoot me an email: bobbylox@importantlittlegames.com

APARRISH: Darius Kazemi, why would you post something like this, do you WANT people to start yelling at you, where do I even start

PUMPED: BMX: Looks like the bug fix update is rolling out now. Fingers crossed it will help those who have problems out, and I haven’t broken anything!

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Jenni Vedenoja, ive missed my OWN puns
  What do you call an angry small arachnid in the order Ixodida in which the first letter of each line spells out a word? A cross tick...

ROBERT LOCKHART: Kids at CICS ChicagoQuest tried to bribe me with Jolly Ranchers. Just remembered I still have some in my pocket, and now I am super happy.
  Cara Ellison, is that you in the studio scene on her laptop?

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: that E+E song sounds like a diva ascending to heaven as her mansion gets gently firebombed by the aurora borealis
  sleepy puppy, highly impactful on my mood state

APARRISH: Joel סןסץ, I saw it too, it was the most magnificent killcode

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: pander to the cannibals in your feed
  what better way to appreciate someone than to slowly eat their flesh over a six month period
  Licks each piano key before beginning my recital
  Canonically, that tweet takes place on the aerial stage of Grand Sky Colony
  Englaciated by tragedy

MIKE TREANOR: Mark J. Nelson, You can't condemn a whole university, right? I was sure subject to a lot of ridiculousness as a UCSC ugrad and I still like it.
  Mark J. Nelson, I guess I'm just saying there are losers everywhere :)

CHRISAMAPHONE: okay i'm finally at a theater about to watch Day of the Doctor so i don't have to studiously ignore spoiler tweets much longer

MIKE TREANOR: Mark J. Nelson, Dude, I am a DC libertarian!
  Mark J. Nelson, But yeah, most of it makes me sick.
  Mark J. Nelson, I can't afford the militarist compound to be a Santa Cruz Mtn libertarian! Not yet at least.
  I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that Brad Paisley's Accidental Racist is more interesting than most social impact games.

SIMON ROTH: Rob, Err I locked VVVVVV at 30fps. :p

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Our brains excel at dealing with moving objects and the concept of forces. My games seem to exist somewhere else, barely touching either.

SIMON ROTH: Dan Pearce, I was just about to give my copy away. :o
  Ok rough edit of the Steam trailer is starting to take shape.

ROBERT YANG: Finally saw Gravity... Uh okay... It was okay... I guess... Yeah

APARRISH: how many voyager scripts were straight up downloaded from the internet? honest question.

JOSEF A: popular request, Marla Kishimoto She didn't have any nards. Oops, the world blew up.

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Yeah, no, the Fire Cider Pie didn’t really work out.

APARRISH: Casey Kolderup, Brock Jargotron you have to admit this is a close call though

ANDREW PLOTKIN: .Nathan J. Williams 1. Google "vinegar pie". 2. Substitute Fire Cider for the plain vinegar in this recipe. 3. Make. 4. Do not eat.
  Jordan Ellenberg, New game: go out on street, cover the first person you see with multi-colored lipstick, then blink your headlights at them.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Emily Carroll, Damian Sommer i just played the yawhg i love it so much so so much
  Emily Carroll, Damian Sommer i'm really inspired from a game design POV, it's similar to some projects i've been percolating on

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Joel סןסץ, A cat once reached up and skritched me under the chin. I really didn't know how to react to that.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Emily Carroll, Damian Sommer have you ever played king of dragon pass? it reminded me of that. i'm very interested in CYOA things informed
  Emily Carroll, Damian Sommer by stats. i really like the simplicity of this, and the way the mechanics are softly obscured
  Emily Carroll, Damian Sommer do you plan on making more games, emily?

JOSEF A: popular request, Marla Kishimoto Shoulda had some of that food-triangle. It contained marginally more nutrients than a plain chip.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Emily Carroll, Damian Sommer i feel you. thinking v hard about my next project personally. i'm really inspired after playing this.
  Alex L., read that as "Lately I've noticed a direct correlation between how hard I've been getting and how hungry I think"
  Lynnea Glasser, congrats on your win :) btw, i think you gave howling dogs an incredibly kind review way before most ppl had heard of it,
  Lynnea Glasser, so thanks for that
  Emily Carroll, actually, can i email you abt game stuff?

JOSEF A: Lara Dwyer, Giraffes are the seahorse a of the savannah.

APARRISH: this is going to sound facetious but I feel like I've learned a TON about what makes generative text funny/weird/interesting since 2011
  also funny that in 2011 you could brag about a "corpus of over 50k tweets." well *I* tried to brag about that, at least.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: i'm in a coven of fake gamer girls

PUMPED: BMX: Fun with symbolicating crash reports this morning.

SQUINKY: It's Week 4 and it's only now that I decided to write a dream sequence.

MICHAEL BROUGH: new bot last night: 'Fred'
  Leon Arnott…–, omg that would be amazing doing it
  Leon Arnott…–, how do i search the site
  Leon Arnott…–, i guess i could curate some txt files myself but that seems so unbot most of these games have no faws this is hard

JONATHAN WHITING: Hayden Scott-Baron, No, not once (and it's something I've done a fair bit of).

MICHAEL BROUGH: Jonathan Brodsky, Hayden Scott-Baron the closest i've come is - it feels a bit weird when people link to 86856527 since i'm still working on a way better version
  Jonathan Brodsky, Hayden Scott-Baron like some app store reviews go "if you're not sure there's a free pc version you can try" and ughhhh no
  Hayden Scott-Baron, Jonathan Brodsky different name &amp; somewhat lesser visuals

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Roope Tamminen, haha, that's a hard question. I'll think about it. (i'm in class now)

LIZZIESTARK: Luke of the Wheel, Emily Care Boss It was all the awesome ECB! I just ninja'd in at the last minute.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Mike Jennings, Lewie Procter wait, you PAY to be an intern ?
  Mike Jennings, Lewie Procter damn, they really are awful.
  Penny arcade screwed something up AGAIN. fun.

APARRISH: yes I am still trying to make Pizza Clones happen

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Mike Meyer, well. When a job requirements says something akin to "we don't believe in money" it means they do, but don't want to give a lot.

ROBERT LOCKHART: edugameshub, I've felt this way once or twice, but it was mostly me projecting my insecurities, I think.
  Jenn Frank, I worry most about The Last Airbender. What if the fire nation DID attack? Why aasif mandvi Why?

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Paperjs workshop with Jürg Lehni and it's kind of awesome.

JONATHAN WHITING: Hayden Scott-Baron, Thanks! I suspect my background, (coding, small hobby projects) is a big help. Gradually learnt what I can/can't make in a few hours.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: can i have a nix envronment easily with vagrant on windows ?

APARRISH: look, it's simple. Leonard Richardson calls my work line noise, and I accuse him of gross romanticism (he's using a list of stopwords for something)

SIMON ROTH: Pff you guys spoil my fun. :p

PAUL S BURGESS: wait what David Firth started making Salad Fingers again omg

MICHAEL BROUGH: .Jonathan Brodsky Leon Arnott…– SORTED. Game Walkthroughs.

SIMON ROTH: So a new viral ad for Xmen has magneto implicated in Kennedy's assassination. Tasteful, can't wait for the 9/11 one.
  .Harry Tuffs Murillo Titon Souza My point is they released it a day after the 50th anniversary to "cash in" on the coverage of the memorials.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Community Beer Works, Been enjoying your write ups. Thanks for doing them.

SIMON ROTH: Harry Tuffs, Murillo Titon Souza Nah I just realised I hadn't actually specified why I thought it offensive.
  The Simpsons just made an unfunny Southpark joke, about 18 years too late.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Noel Llopis, yeah icons are way way way better if you don't screw them up. I am strongly in support of icons. Most games screw them up.
  Evan Pincus, BestOf TheBots .mcc ebooks kind of does that a bit? But you can make your own!
  Evan Pincus, see Darius Kazemi's recent blog post. I'm just running them on my PC, if you have a server that'd be better

SIMON ROTH: How long was the last Steam autumn sale?

JONATHAN WHITING: The joy/pain of finally pinning down a bad bug with difficult reproduction traits, and yet (eventually) a basic cause in self-written code.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Evan Pincus, node.js, based on Darius Kazemi' examplebot

JONATHAN WHITING: Brother Android, I can't wait for the 2033 ironic beige military shooter revival. "Haha, check this out! It's soooo bland!"

SIMON ROTH: Tony Heugh, Time. I've just realising that releasing on the third may be a really bad idea?

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Amandeep Loomba, It's clear that we are good at it. But even then there's plenty of physics and forces metaphors!

ROBERT LOCKHART: Clarice Meadows, Thanks for trying the game out! I've fixed most of those UI bugs, now, so it should be easier next time you play.

SIMON ROTH: Rob, Tony Heugh Yeah. To be honest I think a lot of journos will be happy at having things to cover rather than top ten lists.
  Ben Kuchera, Translation: "We couldn't find the bug, but we did a code cleanup so we hope it goes away."

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Note to self: Make sure that J Fro doesn't win SeaFall all the time. Might get beer in return.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Lynnea Glasser, oh wow, I forgot I even did a write up, I didn't check the author when I wrote it. Full circle...
  BARCC, Dylan G. Jackson Colin friggin Sandel Maddy Myers q0rtbot stanton I will gladly destroy anything sexily in the name of charity
  brenda neotenomie, I think some rpgs use tarot as resolution mechanic

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: I was told that it would be nice to write online some stuffs so i'm gonna write a small extract of my master thesis.

CHRISAMAPHONE: nice to know pittsburgh thought it unnecessary to salt any sidewalks today

SIMON ROTH: Andy Payne, What's even more distressing is that we've had the same headlines 4 years in a row now. :(

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: i've heard two conspiracy theories about me secretly being other people in the last 2 days and all i can say is i encourage them
  opera death dome (nobody leaves until the red angel appears)
  Caresses the quivering clam-woman's body with a whip of pearls
  brenda neotenomie, when are you going to read mine
  @sshrdlu, i encrypt all my crushes with this airtight algorithm...
  brenda neotenomie, what should my next game be like

SIMON ROTH: Brett Paterson, Kamina Lamperouge Andy Esser Oh right thanks!

CHRISAMAPHONE: ashe dryden, i just can't believe he's so fucking arrogant as to try to set the terms (literally) of a movement for a group he's not part of.
  jake, huh. which mall? i'm actually super intrigued by this.

SIMON ROTH: Spent the whole day worrying about how to install Maia via Steam. I log into Steam, and there's a checkbox that takes all the work away! &lt;3
  David Hagemann, Well in this case it was for installing VS Redistributables. :p
  Bunch of AAA devs on my facebook poo-pooing the assertion that the Wii-U is a big deal this generation. They never learn. -_-
  Ian Miles Cheong, Jim Sterling I don't think so. Just watched it, Jim absolutely nails it. Problem with my AAA friends is they are out of touch.
  Ian Miles Cheong, Jim Sterling ...(and arrogant)
  John Drinkwater, Yeah. Tbh they should have given it a decent name and it would have sold double.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Bon Appetit Magazine, I want to renew my subscription without the gift subscription but your site won't let me. Please let me buy your product.

SIMON ROTH: Stéphanie Rancourt, She said something a few weeks back about going offline for a bit...

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, Christine Love (butting in...) the quest is designed to get you lost and make you wander aimlessly... you gotta let go, Love
  Ian Snyder, Christine Love (but it's totally okay if you don't like it, just explaining why I liked it and thought it worked)

JONATHAN WHITING: James Carpenter, Come on James, nobody writes their own code anymore. Next you'll be telling me you don't have a robot Butler yet!

ROBERT YANG: Christine Love, Ian Snyder I think I'm possibly remembering a different version of that part
  Ian Snyder, Christine Love there's part in Act 2 where you can linger in one scene long enough to see a meteor, then investigate the crater

MICHAEL BROUGH: Abe Stein, some are mass some are micro

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Took me 40 minutes to figure out how to redeem a Steam code given to me by a designer to try his game. I feel old and useless.
  Sam Liberty, All the young ones seem to be into it. That and drugs and that loud music and generally being hooligans.
  Robert Zacny, In all seriousness, it was hidden in a really bizarre place. You'd think you could redeem at checkout.
  Cory Banks, Robert Zacny Go ahead. Find where you would redeem a game-specific code. (Unless you do it all the time.)

MICHAEL BROUGH: sorry 'Fred' seems to have gone exponential. I will fix it when I get home If home is still there...

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Robert Zacny, Cory Banks My real idiocy is not asking all my friends who do this daily. (Other issue: Steam app was corrupt and needed reloading)

MICHAEL BROUGH: Rocketcat Games, that much or more already was, good to have it recognised I guess?
  Devon, 'Fred' he's doing significantly more each hour

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Matthew Baldwin, Sorry, didn't catch that. Could you say it again please?

ROBERT YANG: Clara Fernandez-Vara, aparrish katherine morayati Doom Psyko yes ma'am
  Ian Snyder, Noyb I liked how the characters treat it as something so mundane, e.g. a guidebook for a transdimensional wormhole?
  frie(n)dhoff, right-click on GameMaker Updater utility, on Win7 it's in taskbar icon area, switch update channel to beta
  frie(n)dhoff, let it update and install, then start up GM again, and it should prompt you on startup

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Bill Sabram, That's ridiculous. Let's just drink martinis.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Karlos Zafra, yeah apparently updates break things? i haven't had time to look into it but i will eventualllly sorry about that

ROBERT YANG: Matt Duhamel, I'll do a post on it soon, surprisingly not that bad

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: jbrinkmeyer, Bill Sabram Or go to Drink nearby and get politely* 'faced then meet our friends.  *Bill, substitute "loudly" for "politely"
  Cory Banks, Bill Sabram This is easy to make happen.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Johan Peitz, Rocketcat Games marketing starts on Negative Day, you pretty much want to have a reputation already
  Johan Peitz, Rocketcat Games but if you don't, no point marketing on day 1 because nobody's listening, just mess about and make cool shit

APARRISH: Clara Fernandez-Vara, Robert Yang katherine morayati @dubbin also works for me!

MICHAEL BROUGH: why is chrome using 3gb of ram, what's going on I only have like twenty tabs open

ROBERT LOCKHART: Aubrey Monks, CICS ChicagoQuest The pleasure was all mine!
  CICS ChicagoQuest, I was very impressed by the effort put forth. Congratulations to all the 'collaborators'!
  A game about tourist maps called FoldIt. What? There's alre(click)

SIMON ROTH: So now less than a week until @Maia early access. Time to have a nervous breakdown. :|

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Neuropath, thanks! when does the jam end?
  Neuropath, cool ill put it in my calender 8)
  Geno rolling around in Belome's mouth for all eternity, wooden body incapable of being digested, and loving every second of it

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Todd Harper, i was asking myself : does the MIT gamelab propose Phd studies or is it a lab that anyone from MIT can go ?

SIMON ROTH: Game is about 4 weeks behind where I want it to be right now. Hopefully I'll be able to catch that up before the new year comes...

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Neuropath, i have no idea what that means but i support cursed golden skulls 100 percent

SIMON ROTH: ...and I get buried in negative reviews.
  Celsius Game Studios, You're doing roughly the time still right?

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Todd Harper, i'm asking because i don't really know what to do after my master degree in Geneva. And the gamelab looks rad.
  Todd Harper, (i might be also lost because in europe graduate means master and phd alike)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Neuropath, WOW...that is a GREAT PRIZE

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Todd Harper, because apparently the media lab looks like a regular degree so i though maybe the gamelab too. Sorry to bother you with this.:s

MICHAEL BROUGH: mcc, one of my Kompendium games was a ropelike inspired by a physical rope game

ROBERT YANG: Alex Austin, omg who made those trees TELL ME TELL ME

SIMON ROTH: Josh Parnell, Maia I'll mainline the caffeine into my eyeballs. :D

MICHAEL BROUGH: Devon, yeah I have the same question with Fred. problem with that one is its a continuous stream, if it gets to a language it gets stuck
  Noel Llopis, every game where you spend time passing about a reference sheet. i don't care if it reduces printing costs, don't waste my time
  Noel Llopis, 7 wonders, amun re, city of horror, just like basically every game that's not race
  Devon, i've gotten an english dictionary and it looks up every word in that; if there are very few english words it assumes it's foreign
  Pat Ashe, it's called contact
  Pat Ashe, ok basically. player 1 thinks of a word &amp; announces the first letter. everyone else wants to guess the word.
  Pat Ashe, so if the word is PYTHAGOREAN and they say IS IT PYTHAGOREAN then hey they win and they are now player 1, new round
  Devon, Colin Bayer giant one with implausible words like aalii and tussor. small one would work too.
  Pat Ashe, OK so how do you get more information!
  Pat Ashe, i think of a word that it *might* be given the current letters. like if i know it starts with HE then i could think of HELIUM.
  Pat Ashe, and then i give a clue for the new word i've made up! maybe i say "does it make things float".
  Pat Ashe, and then if someone else (apart from p1) guesses what word *i'm* thinking of, they say CONTACT.
  Pat Ashe, then we count down 5 4 3 2 1 and say the word we're thinking of simultaneously.
  Pat Ashe, if we said the same thing HOORAY player1 must give us the next letter. but if we're different we get nothing.
  Pat Ashe, now at any point before the countdown ends player1 can interrupt and say "IT'S NOT HELIUM" if they've guessed the word.
  Pat Ashe, and then we can't use it.
  Pat Ashe, so what's really neat about this is there's a reason for everyone to be engaged the whole time
  Pat Ashe, player 1 is waiting for someone to guess their word, but ALSO they are trying to guess everyone else's clues to interrupt them.
  Pat Ashe, and other players, even if they can't figure out p1's word they are thinking up their own words and clues that start the same.
  Pat Ashe, and trying to guess other people's clues. and you always want clues that not everyone can guess - so p1 can't interrupt.
  Pat Ashe, uh SORRY ANYONE WHO FOLLOWS US BOTH no actually not sorry it's a great game try it out

CHRISAMAPHONE: PSYFE, pope yes

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Todd Harper, yeah, but i'm already in a ma in media art. I don't know if i want to do another yet. Thanks for the infos !

ORIHAUS: Bil, Oh, sorry! The project has been on hold for about 6 months, not sure if I'll come back to it for a good while.

ROBERT YANG: Mike Meyer, nope, the battling is terrible and constant, I could only play a few hours

MICHAEL BROUGH: Robin Baumgarten, Darren Grey Pat Ashe anyone who isn't p1, whenever

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Coffin Queen, war marks and death goddess sigils
  Coffin Queen, love your av by the way

DANIEL BENMERGUI: Ian Bogost, there should be a t-shirt that displays random Ian Bogost tweets.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Coffin Queen, whats your 1st?

ORIHAUS: Christine Love, The readme explains all: "- If you start to feel bored, just stay with that feeling. Really own it."

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Coffin Queen, good choice

SEAN VANAMAN: Jane Ng, it's super good. it has been my "'i'm sick in bed" game.

CHRISAMAPHONE: jake, huh? i've never had issues with those in chrome
  jake, ohh, you're saying google is gonna ruin it? yeah probably

ORIHAUS: Christine Love, I think it's more a 'zen', tuning out sort of thing. Worked for me!
  Christine Love, Personally I think a few hours of slow, deliberate and meditative pace is a better use of player time than what most games do

CHRISAMAPHONE: but sure, keep on saying gender-based hegemony hurts everyone equally

JOSEF A: Jenna Warriner, Oh god, how did you get this far without it?

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Shane Croff, oh thank you! yay!
  Rokashi, HTC One...i like it
  Syrenne McNulty, Curates

ORIHAUS: Christine Love, I guess you're right, though I'm not the one being dismissive of it!

ROBERT YANG: Ramsey Nasser, mine is sitting in a post office in new jersey ahhhhh

ORIHAUS: Christine Love, "absorbed in meditation or considered thought." - giving time for players to feel a part of the game world fits this, I think

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: WELL TARNATION HOW THE LAPRAS ARE YA KID

JONATHAN WHITING: Michael Brough, Pat Ashe This sounds really great actually, will have to try it out.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: My dream is to one day make a tweet that someone can cum to
  Some girl in some apartment is making adorable sex noises that resound throughout the Oakland night sky
  At the exact moment I lay down to masturbate
  If you keep tweeting about sex ironically no one is going to cum to your tweets

MICHAEL BROUGH: Jim Crawford, feels good for a while but you're not being as productive as you think and then you crash watch out

SIMON ROTH: Mike Bithell, Are you in a hurry? 4k TVs are going to become much cheaper early next year now they are in mass production.
  Despite getting 10+ followers a day I never go over 2500. I guess my tweets are all a bit "high turnover".
  Benefits tourism doesn't exist. It is entirely made up. I can't believe the people of this country who routinely gobble up this shite.
  Frankly I can very much understand why the Scots want independence from this idiocy. (Their manifesto welcomes needed Euro immigration)
  .Zorch Marblescratch Pretty sure Cornwall, Devon and Dorset would be up for it too.

MICHAEL BROUGH: oh hey Glitch Tank passed a thousand sales, talk about long tail
  Cara Ellison, this indie thing messes with you, you watch the numbers because they're survival but hard not to take as measuring self-worth
  yeah, faith that things happen for logical discoverable reasons is like the main skill in programming (/science)
  Cara Ellison, it's become very clear to me that so much of that is just about reputation.
  Cara Ellison, i can release a game now that would have gotten barely any attention 2 years ago and suddenly it's featured on all the big sites
  Cara Ellison, you've got to show that you're in the know. start namedropping the right people ahead of the curve to invest in cred later.
  Cara Ellison, i did not start out a cynic

PAUL S BURGESS: And just now my slippers arrived, transition to old man can commence.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Cara Ellison, so not the beginning
  Rami Ismail, whoa. honestly I thought it was pretty cheesy to use that old thing, guess i'm proven wrong, glad you can make a difference!

SIMON ROTH: Yay the BBC spoiled the only worthwhile episode of Family guy in years. :(
  Iain Lobb, I take solace in the fact that whilst omitted I have a far higher revenue and created far more jobs than 90% of that list. :p
  My brief, unscientific, survey of Steam reviews shows has cropped up X-Rebirth as the most unpopular recent release.
  I just realised that last tweet was barely English. I am far too tired to be on the internet.
  Craig Pearson, It's crazy that some of the reviews slating the game have several days play time. They must really want it to become good.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Kevin Kulp, Can I have your D&amp;D stuff?

SIMON ROTH: Kyle 'Kyle' Rodgers, Because it will be full of Americans doing horrendous cockney and Liverpudlian accents?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: The ONLY way I could renew my Bon Apetit subscription was to gift a second one. So I chose the Head of Sales of Bon Appetit. Enjoy!

CHRISAMAPHONE: Steven Huwig, i don't think the chart intends to suggest that the motive is related to the sentence.
  Leandro A. Pezzente, Shannihilator. some people are neither men nor women. it's not a super complicated concept.
  Three Steady Lights, Carnegie Library PGH yay public internet/computer access. there's not enough of it in pgh imo.
  anyone have resources on designing/using public (community) computer clusters for teaching programming &amp; other digital creative projects?
  chrisamaphone, i'm particularly interested in logistics, like does each student get a user account? can they install stuff? remote access?
  jason reed, is there a reference i'm missing? or is this just wisdom from jcreed-brain :)
  i wish there were a less awkward way to say "i think you may be making a cultural reference to which i lack awareness. plz explain it?"

SIMON ROTH: Npower just announced they are firing thousands of workers and outsourcing the jobs to India. -_-

APARRISH: chrisamaphone, there should also be a non-awkward way to preempt responses in the form of "OMG YOU'VE NEVER SEEN/BEEN TO/HEARD OF X?? O M G"

CHRISAMAPHONE: Lea, *nod* it is probably the best argument for making web browsers more OS-like that i have heard
  Steven Huwig, *thinks* i'm not sure? it could just display the latter column, which ppl could write off as "oh, well maybe female murderers+
  Steven Huwig, - just had less excusable cases in general". the second column eliminates that explanation. it doesn't tell the whole story, sure.
  Steven Huwig, it's possible there's some simpson's-paradox-like thing going on, &amp; humans are bad at statistics so i don't 100% trust my intuition
  Steven Huwig, i think what i'm saying is that the two facts put side by side like that do seem to demand an explanation.
  Steven Huwig, but then it's still odd that the ones who *were* sentenced had such more-extreme sentences than men, right?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: The ONLY way to renew my Bon Appetit subscription was to gift a second one. I gave my gift subscription to the Head of Sales at Bon Appetit.
  Sam Liberty, Corporate offices at Condé Nast. It's on their website. With his email address.

APARRISH: Abe Stein, awesome, glad you're finding it helpful!

CHRISAMAPHONE: Steven Huwig, hmm did you dig up the references? they are different papers but i don't know that the data pools are different
  Steven Huwig, but yeah if they are really different samples then that's a valid criticism. i'd be curious whether the combined info existed.
  Adrian et al, for now i'm just interested in reading about how others approach this form of edu. it need not even be programming.
  Steven Huwig, sigh :(

SEAN VANAMAN: Darren Sampson, mat jones Cara Ellison Philippa Warr Brad Shoemaker can't hurt! but I'd play bots and watch youtubes.
  Jane Ng, it's hard!!
  Cara Ellison, Darren Sampson mat jones Philippa Warr Brad Shoemaker "DOTA Carnegie Hall" = not being slurred by a racist baby

MICHAEL BROUGH: Douglas Wilson, Pat Ashe yeah I don't know that one, seems kind of similar except ruined by celebrity culture

APARRISH: if I ever run for mayor it will be for the "Socialized Umbrellas" party, and my platform will have one plank, "Socialized Umbrellas"
  HOW IT WORKS: whenever rain is forecast, the city drops off an umbrella on the doorstep of every resident.
  when you're done with your umbrella, place it in one of many "umbrella receptacles" throughout the city. they'll be recycled for next time!

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Julian Murdoch, Yeah. After I did that I thought of about 10 people. But I still find it funny.

APARRISH: the cost will be offset by increased productivity from completely dry workers who are not late because they can't find their umbrellas

CHRISAMAPHONE: realizing i have way more running shirts (esp. long-sleeved) than i need; anyone local want them? should i just goodwill 'em?

MICHAEL BROUGH: Douglas Wilson, these things always seem to end up with "wtf how have you not seen [movie] (and also know the names of all actors in it)"

CHRISAMAPHONE: Dan, typically only for university students though, unless i misunderstand?

MICHAEL BROUGH: /'dɹɑkɪn/, Pat Ashe yeah. Except the first letter they give at start
  Pat Ashe, (btw I have no idea who invented this, it is folk game)

JOSEF A: Guy gets off streetcar to run back to the intersection where he saw someone drop her phone, unnoticed. Like, in a nice guy way.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Stephen Lavelle, Cool. I felt it was quite brilliant, how it takes you through revelation after revelation about what you've been doing all along.

ROBERT YANG: kinda want to put more into learning materials for Unity... but it isn't public or open-source, so I'd just be their marketing tool?

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: no one ever has faces in my dreams

ROBERT YANG: I like using Unity and think it's often useful, but I really really really don't want to be a "Unity evangelist" (eww)

JOSEF A: Is it okay if this green tea tastes strongly of tin?

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Dammit, I’ve had the Dr Who power-walk theme stuck in my head all week.

ROBERT YANG: Eddie Cameron, also stratifies Unity's place in the marketplace / our dependence on it
  Richard Edwards, I want to help people while also maintaining my politics and having a genuine stake in the thing
  mcc, Eddie Cameron yeah I'm waiting for that while... but I do ultimately see Unity as a stepping stone to something Polycode ish

JOSEF A: Jeremy Cohn, popular request Toronto Police  Beck Taxi Sgt.D.Churkoo Myron Demkiw

OXFORD INDIES: Sean Oxspring, Can’t guarantee the cool-factor, but will certainly tweet our meeting point for Friday lunch :)

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, Yeah I wish I didn't

CHRISAMAPHONE: on the road w/Rob Simmons to IN for holidays. anyone in the bloomington/cbus area around after Thursday? (Lindsey Kuper, Z)

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: (note : i don't think that's true)

CHRISAMAPHONE: Bison bison, some of them are too big for me actually
  Lindsey Kuper, :) good to know

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: crying for the ocean

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, and now Flash is, by most accounts, dying / getting discontinued -- you don't own Flash / have no stake in Flash, which sucks
  Ivan Safrin, Eddie Cameron mcc my objection to Unity is ideology-driven
  mcc, Ivan Safrin Eddie Cameron community can close doc / UX gap, but Unity will always be inventing new things to charge for
  Ian Snyder, I think we took opposite positions re: death of Super Friendship Club? me: "let it die, be grateful" // you: "no, we can do it" ?

JONATHAN WHITING: By 2024 failure to comply with Sideburntember or Mohawktober may necessitate removal from The Party.

SIMON ROTH: Ed Stern, My mum once said that Windscale contamination is the reason she, and a lot of people from the area, have bad teeth. Heh.

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, oh oops I mixed up you and sans aïeux
  Ian Snyder, connection: who owns things and gets to decide what happens to them? who owns Unity, who owned SFC? who owns Flash or Haxe? etc.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: underneath my skin it's all salt water

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, I will say "it was nice while it lasted" when it's me helping to pull the plug... otherwise, I'm more prone to get mad
  Ian Snyder, being satisfied with what you got (even though you aren't really happy with it?) is the best way to become invisible and ignored
  sans aïeux, Ian Snyder I'm pretty sure you were more, "it's a shame it has to die, we should do more, but if it has to die ok" etc.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Alex L., DM'd u the info ;)

SIMON ROTH: USA chums! What are the official holidays around this time that you actually take off work?

ORI AVTALION: John Joseph Adams, Poor n-dash feels neglected :(

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: rides a plankton through your pore and plants a bomb ;)

JOSEF A: "We experimented with various rules for detecting this situation, finally achieving promising results in identifying sarcasm."

ROBERT YANG: Ian Snyder, it's not about what is more productive, it's about whether I feel like pouring myself into a product that I don't own at all
  Ian Snyder, I'm thankful for all the HL1 / HL2 modding I did, but today all my mods are locked / trapped, I can't distribute them freely
  Ian Snyder, Digipen owns their students games and keeps them in festivals against the students' will
  Ian Snyder, that isn't empowering, that's the same mentality that people use to exploit unpaid intern labor

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: demon king stole my castle
  you know how witches get mentors to help them focus their powers what about mentors that do the opposite

ROBERT YANG: Ivan Safrin, MTobias Timpe Boch I think Blender 3D wasn't free before, then got a big user base, then the community raised money and bought itself?

NOBODYWEKNOW: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, Oh, that one's quite early. Not too much of a spoiler to point out that pressing X does something (if next to something)

MICHAEL BROUGH: VENGEFUL CUM HARPY, nobodyweknow it uses the action key X

JOSEF A: Stephanie Kenzie, This is almost the worst time of year for Learing out. Stay inside and scream from the couch. Or at the couch.
  Stephanie Kenzie, Oh yeah, we did the reading without you. What a bunch of dinks. Let's do it again.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Did you play to the end? I like how there's a rule it lets you stumble upon two levels before it's of any use whatsoever.

JOSEF A: Stephanie Kenzie, O! My mind is full of scorpions! -King Mickey B
  Stephanie Kenzie, O wait. "Full of scorpions is my mind!" Yeah, that sounds better. Wait, does it? - Mickey B
  Stephanie Kenzie, I am in paint stepped in so far that I should wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er."

MICHAEL BROUGH: nobodyweknow, i got to the level where controls directions are switched about and couldn't be bothered right now
  Ian Tyrrell, Ian MacLarty quantum mechanics is literally the study of the logical principles governing small-scale physics it's not magic bro

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: "i have never seen a heat-mapped dick pic before &amp; i have seen roughly 600 dick pics in the last two months, so well done on that."
  puffstep...
  i speak both English and Banjo Kazooiese

ANDREW PLOTKIN: Ryan Veeder, "DOOOOOMED" hi.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: sometimes i feel like crying in a way that feels natural as rain, passing harmlessly through my body washing away emotional toxins

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Robert Yang, Materials seems to be an abstraction that's now standard. Have you looked at polycode ?

SIMON ROTH: Adam C, Thanks! Trying to build an idea of when to put out updates etc.

SEAN VANAMAN: In the market Amelia says "let's get the big dog," and I can't help but think of Jake Rodkin
  Cara Ellison, how fucking dare you

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Curious if it was clear how/why they were switched around? (It's the only level that does that, but it leads to next revelation.)
  Michael Brough, (But thinking back I almost didn't bother there either. That level's probably a mistake, but it does help cement the true ruleset)

SIMON ROTH: nvining, Pathfinding! Don't talk to me about pathfinding. :p
  nvining, Micah J Best I really really wish I'd done the game on a grid. 90% of the AI breaking is them glitching the path finding. :(

SEAN VANAMAN: Cara Ellison, GOODBYE FOREVER

SIMON ROTH: nvining, Micah J Best Every object can be freely placed. All have non square bounding volumes. I wish I was dead. :p

MICHAEL BROUGH: nobodyweknow, yeah it's been clear since the previous level, it's a nice twist but
  nobodyweknow, what you have to do to move things around is just quite slow, several steps between thoughts

SEAN VANAMAN: Cara Ellison, two can play at this game.

MICHAEL BROUGH: nobodyweknow, ok i went through with it, wasn't so bad.
  nobodyweknow, felt at first like "this is just the previous level with controls scrambled" but a break meant i didn't mind that so much

SIMON ROTH: Rendering 1080p video seems to be burning the dust off my water coolers heat sink. :/
  What video format and settings (adobe exporter) can I use for Steam trailer uploads to get decent blacks in the video? WMV seems very mushy.
  Micah J Best, nvining My solutions always manage to do the opposite. :(

NOBODYWEKNOW: Michael Brough, Yeah, not sure if that level was worth keeping, esp. if I misremembered and what it was teaching was already learned in the prev.

ORI AVTALION: F Stavrakopoulou, I find the narrator and *literal* bible thumping in the intro much funnier!

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Little irl Alien, wahhh!! sprays many slimocrystalline blessings your way &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

SIMON ROTH: Maybe just maybe they will drop tablets all together and make a Windows 9 operating system that isn't horribly broken by design.

ORI AVTALION: Richard Dawkins, Marriage and divorce are handled by the appropriate religious authorities based on your religion (No civil marriage yet)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: just had first dentist check-up in 5+ years (thanks poverty!) looks like bruxism + a root canal ^______________________^
  caydoge. wow., wait a root canal isn't good?

APARRISH: aaand the 100,000th tweet is... a fun skin condition! RT everyword: trombidiasis

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: cootie crisp, you can get beautiful mineral caps??

SIMON ROTH: Ferdinand Kølster, Sadly thats not an option for Steam. :(
  Ferdinand Kølster, Yes, but I assume NDA extends to processes and stuff. So I can't list them.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: caydoge. wow., its scary, but best to get it done!

SIMON ROTH: I really need to get around to making a sexism gaffe to boost my sales. Hrmm.

NOBODYWEKNOW: Bo Brinkman, I'm curious how the first one gets parsed? Would have guessed it would either work as intended or thrown an error.

SEAN VANAMAN: Tim Schafer, that is now my butcher shop.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: The Poly Pagan, Lexi Leighton futanari dormitory its true i have an iron grip on Planet Dick Hell

NOBODYWEKNOW: Bo Brinkman, You are writing in Cg! NVIDIA designed it and there's good documentation out there if you add "cg" to your search queries.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Cara Ellison, it's like, "how do i communicate that you are acting as shit frosting on a mountain of shit"

SEAN VANAMAN: Cara Ellison, ok ok ok MORRISEY IS GOD, OK? Rod Stewart can eat it. Even though if my mother read that sentence she'd disown me.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Cara Ellison, when microaggressions have a baby, that's called a breakdown

NOBODYWEKNOW: @miamiubo, (The reason 'unity shader' tutorials are so bad is that they fail to differentiate between Unity keywords and general Cg syntax)

SEAN VANAMAN: Nick Breckon, Cara Ellison Francesca Vanaman you son of a
  Cara Ellison, Nick Breckon TWIST i am the one making nick breckon thanksgiving dinner.

MIKE TREANOR: Borut Pfeifer, wait for me!!!

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: The dentist is really erotic from a certain point of view, they just keep putting all the wrong things in my mouth

SIMON ROTH: I can see where Chris Newton is coming from with the reviews thing. But it's not a business model that the PC space will go for _at_all_.
  There are many varied and interesting ways to get funding, ones that involve your readership and add value for them. Paid reviews, nope.
  There's a bit where Sean Pertwee get his guts spilled and then has a tug of war with a border collie with his colon.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: "a sentient closet-based AI locks four girls in a room...and forces them to repeatedly apply lipstick and eyeliner"

CHRISAMAPHONE: Erin, mostly small &amp; medium. i'm looking to get rid of the larger end.
  Leandro A. Pezzente, phenotypes aren't binary either

NOBODYWEKNOW: Bo Brinkman, (I should have noted the doc I linked was for HLSL and not Cg, but it looks like the syntax here is identical in both languages.)

SIMON ROTH: Cold barely keep my eyes open all day. Now in bed, 3:30am and my crippling self doubt has decided to give me a horrendous adrenaline ruh.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: i don't have a mood ring i have a mood life
  if you follow enough people that's basically a free horoscope right there
  timeline as scrying pool

MIKE TREANOR: Stemage, I agree in principle, except film (and games) are *way* harder to just get off the ground than lit and music. Right?
  Stemage, That said, my entire life/career has been organized around trying to get complete creative control over the games I make...
  Stemage, Maybe novels and symphonies are more expressively fruitful media than film and games?
  Stemage, Dude, I'm almost positive I'm gonna be at MAG. We'll shoot some shit :)

ROBERT YANG: I want to destroy whoever designs the instant fail stealth missions in Assassins Creed games... like literally, I'm going to pulverize them

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: When do we get the 50 Shades of Gray of scat porn

JONATHAN WHITING: Simon Roth, You are doing too much. It is less productive than you think. Slow down!

PAUL S BURGESS: Appvism, Thanks! :)

PUMPED: BMX: Alex Coleborn, New edit is insane mate, you shut down corby.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Giles Pritchard, you’re welcome…?

PUMPED: BMX: samedwards, Yeah, ridiculous stuff!

SIMON ROTH: Burningpet, Chris Newton Indeed. We're sending out stuff to three digit mailing lists nowadays.
  Burningpet, Chris Newton Indeed I wouldn't even be able to afford the _time_ to sign paperwork and transfer cash to review sites.

OXFORD INDIES: Erm. Lunch tomorrow. I dunno. All Bar One? 

SIMON ROTH: Paying for reviews is old hat. I much prefer a campaign of intimidation and kidnappings.

OXFORD INDIES: Alan Williamson, Simon Roth You have seen Morse? Oxford is a dangerous place to be a games developer.

JOSEF A: Bloor-Danforth line: just regular little farts.

JONATHAN WHITING: Oxford Indies, Yeah, that'd do :-)

APARRISH: this year, I'm thankful that I'm an iguanodontian ornithopod native to a far away world RT Exosaurs: aparrish, Siamodon of HD 11506 b

NOBODYWEKNOW: ♥Armel Gibson♥, Oh my god, even worse: if I stay on that page for &gt;20sec in the mobile Twitter client it auto-launches the AppStore. Affiliate scam?

MICHAEL BROUGH: Andrew Doull, listened to it, it's pretty boring &amp; shallow, they've barely played it and are just complaining that it has a learning curve
  Andrew Doull, their comments about theme are pretty far off mark though
  Andrew Doull, it posits a magic-tech "jump drive" which travels so fast the geometric positioning of worlds is irrelevant
  Andrew Doull, which exactly fits the card mechanics; you're looking at information about destinations rather than their geometric layout
  Andrew Doull, &amp; it's about macroeconomics of a galactic empire so looking at general types of goods rather than specific spices makes sense
  Andrew Doull, but when you look close there's lots of thematic cleverness to the individual world designs
  Andrew Doull, anyway, as promised i am complaining about those guys being incompetent and recommending that you ignore them
  Andrew Doull, just bear in mind that the game is deep so SURPRISE you need to play many times to master it. i've played probably &gt;1000 times.

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn is boufalaxx, Shut Up & Sit Down Board Game Hour Board with Life SeaFall is likely to be more empire building with a splash of piracy.

JONATHAN WHITING: Kyle Reimergartin, This is a good tradition! I've been slowly savouring my second visit to Twin Peaks this Autumn. Deeply enjoyable.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: harpy swoops down and steals your cum

ROBERT YANG: q0rtbot stanton, very tasteful plates

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: brenda neotenomie, whats so funny

PAUL S BURGESS: Currently sandwiched between articles on Pokemon and Ultimate Gay Fighter on Pocket Gamer front page. Nice.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: brenda neotenomie, it sounds like a relief

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Mark Jackson, Thanks right back. That's a surprise and a delightful one.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: i found the wolf queen's crown...

MICHAEL BROUGH: Ryan Bowles, Andrew Doull yes but this is a terrible place to start, add them one by one very slowly
  Ryan Bowles, Andrew Doull i played the base set 100s of times before any expansions people are way too eager for expansions

PAUL S BURGESS: Matt Suckley, Glad to hear it :)

JOSEF A: Julian Frid, Marla Kishimoto They're playing "Crazy" in this Wendy's.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: fetishware
  flicks my tongue around the turkey's opening

JOSEF A: Julian Frid, Marla Kishimoto I tried to get one, but they mostly just had Junior Bacon Cheeseburgers.
  popular request, That's why I enjoyed non-musical theatre. Monologues fade much more quickly.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Erin, yep, i'll be back Sunday night! send a DM or email closer to then to remind me.

SIMON ROTH: Haha wow, Charlie Brooker trying to pitch video games to Jon Snow on the news was pretty great.
  Fatima Zenine, Depends how you like your hangovers. :p

SEAN VANAMAN: Three weeks of playing Agricola on ios -- seasoned players: there is an insane advantage to going first, yes?
  Aaron Rodgers's mustache puts him firmly in "ticked off dad" mode.

JOSEF A: popular request, Kathleen Gallagher Jennifer Fox Amy Swenson God, you're such a disappointment-tease. Kill it, sir!

SIMON ROTH: Black current tea time. It's basically just hot Ribena, but unlike hot Ribena it doesn't turn my lungs to glue. :D
  Dan Pearce, Damnit I got a futurama quote wrong, what is this world coming too. "Soft, like a velvet child." :p
  Daniel Jacobsen, Noo its soo good, but just don't breath it in or your lungs shut down. :p
  Dan Pearce, I mixed up two quotes in a fit of crunch tiredness. :p
  Dan Pearce, 5 days. So many features to get in by then. So so many.
  Dan Pearce, Yeah, unlike a few other games people won't have to jump into a big unknown with getting in on the alpha so should be good.
  Ian Miles Cheong, “classy” around these parts is used as a sarcastic slight.

SEAN VANAMAN: Dave Grossman, yeah; it's a bizarre game

ROBERT LOCKHART: MST3K marathon on YouTube ! It's a Hannukah miracle!

SIMON ROTH: I keep checking the X-rebirth subreddit. I still want to see it turn out amazing... somehow.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: POV-erty is a real problem afflicting our society

MICHAEL BROUGH: making oat and sultana biscuits from a recipe i got on the internet
  and I'm thinking, why do I trust an arbitrary website for a recipe to instantiate physical objects in my home then insert them into my body
  and the bodies of my friends
  trapped recipes
  Morgan Cahn, I will take extra care when visiting now I know this.

JOSEF A: Wil Wheaton, Reconfigure the oven's main sensor array to emit a phased tachyon pulse, and it should be done in negative twelve seconds.

SIMON ROTH: Menthol_Penguin, The rebirth one. :p
  I should really send Scott Manley an alpha key for @Maia. I think he'd really like it, but I'm far too afraid he wouldn't! :p

SQUINKY: Someone in downtown Santa Cruz appears to be performing an off-key rendition of Don't Get Around Much Anymore. On repeat.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Cara Ellison, &lt;3

SIMON ROTH: Ok time to get all the new content in so the game works before people start previewing it.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: my daughter needs a hobby so i sent her to the lake infested by aquatic monsters

SIMON ROTH: Daniel Ratcliffe, What happened? I had the stream minimized!
  Daniel Ratcliffe, Dang. I'm not envious of the engineers having to debug that during the launch window.
  Nooo they aborted for the day!
  Nested Polymorphic, Having learnt from NASA's mistakes SpaceX seem to be exceedingly cautious.
  Watching SpaceX's credit sequence has made me realise that the "flying through a star field" visual is utter nonsense...
  ...if you were moving fast enough to see stars flying by, the stars ahead would become blue due to the compression of the waves.
  The stars to the edge of your vision would become invisible until you see only a circle of blue stars ahead and a circle of red ones behind.
  Daniel Ratcliffe, Depends where you are. But yeah, it's an odd space meme.
  Daniel Ratcliffe, (not that is would be possible to fly anywhere that there would be stars that close together) :p
  Daniel Cassidy, That makes me feel even worse. ;)
  Alex, Things collapse to a point. Going faster.. you extrapolate out until you pass outside the visible spectrum and you see nothing.

CHRISAMAPHONE: PSYFE, itym foodies are total hobbits

SIMON ROTH: Ok Maia now puts screenshots in the user's "documents" folder on Windows. Now to do the same with the settings.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: CICADA (•••), hey girl
  Jenni Vedenoja, I would buy
  CICADA (•••), how are you &lt;3
  CICADA (•••), mmm I see. Good :-) wonderful

SIMON ROTH: Nested Polymorphic, I can bury them in the Microsoft app data stuff, but screenshots and saves are worth having accessible for the user.
  Nested Polymorphic, Mac and Linux will be buried though. Due to the nature of those systems.

JOSEF A: Plaid Dad, Nice mainstaging tonight, fella!

CHRISAMAPHONE: this steelers ravens game :O

JOSEF A: Angry Jake, Ryan North Chris Sims Sounds easily cured by a hot cup of cha-MOW-muh-lay

MICHAEL BROUGH: mcc, yessss I use these as inspiration a lot I am excited to see

SEAN VANAMAN: Can you unfollow everyone

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, These are relevant to things I've been working on that appear to not want to be interactive at all—which makes me a bit nervous.
  mcc, (I've been possibly thinking through making them mcc-likes, though an entirely different aesthetic from your stuff)
  mcc, (also discovered that a subset of what I've been doing mangles the shader math on at least retina OS X machines. Frustrating!)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: saw a spatula on my counter and for one horrifying second saw it as a fucked up desiccated human hand

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, We'll see. These could end up just simply non-interactive in the end, but maybe there will be room for both. Will definitely try
  mcc, Could be OS X in general?Have to run more tests.Doing Cg shader stuff in Unity gets translated to GLSL on mac, so could be that.
  mcc, I'm new to shader programming and this work is pretty much *all* being done in the shaders. Good to know that might be expected.
  mcc, Ooh. The ones different on the Retina mac I had my hands on today are def. doing something you'd never do in a proper shader. Hm

LIZZIESTARK: T.L. Taylor, Nick LaLone Jaakko Stenros Markus Montola That book and its editors are some of my faves!

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, (But I was testing from a web-build. So also possible the math was being messed with by Retina drivers' pixel-adjustments)
  mcc, (In any case, thanks for being a late-night sounding board for a bit. Off to bed now!)
  mcc, (Not sure fully get your drift, but was surprised it was filling same percentage of screen and not tiny from specified pix-size)
  mcc, (The ones that were diff on Retina have the vertex shaders pass off 3D pos data without first transforming into screen coords)
  mcc, Ah, thanks. That makes sense. (And probably means the problem isn't just Retina vs. non-. But that's for future tests.)

SEAN VANAMAN: audrey crandell, no. I'll keep you for certain. You're family. We cooked our potatoes in duck fat.
  I'm four James Bonds into this thanksgiving and Bardem casually murdering that women just changes the whole situation here.
  Bill Mudron, isn't it?!? "A waste of good scotch," WHAT THE FUCK YOU REALLY ARE A PSYCHOPATH
  Sarah Argodale, that's just TYPICAL Bond -- you were signing up for that, movie after movie. But this. WHAT

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: CUM YRSELF 2 DREIDEL, thats core

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, THEY ALL ARE
  Sarah Argodale, A WOMAN KILLS A MAN WITH HER THIGHS AND THEN SUCCUMBS TO 007'S SMIRK

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: CUM YRSELF 2 DREIDEL, did you hear puffstep

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: CUM YRSELF 2 DREIDEL, puffstep*

SQUINKY: I ate all the foodz.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: CUM YRSELF 2 DREIDEL, im sorry to hear that. i hope u can find healing one day :( even if it takes years....or decades

SQUINKY: I'm thankful for the neat people I've collected over the last year, and also the ones who've stuck around for a while.
  mcc, Me too!

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Colleen Macklin, i'll be on the east coast in december

JON INGOLD: Adri, thank you!

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: her hand in hand with the hand of God
  and her lifelong humiliation could finally be reduced to manageable levels.

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Update: OSX in general, not just Retina—&amp; only affects the ones where Vert shader skips any ModelViewProjection matrix transform
  mcc, So I guess I need to stop treating that matrix math like a black box &amp; learn how to reproduce what I want w/ a proper substitute

MICHAEL BROUGH: Jonathan Brodsky, Game Walkthroughs so those would have been Q1/A1 and 001?

JOSEF A: Elana, Yeah, I hear you. :( It's a very tough thing to break out of.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: БЕИ АБЯАЧАМ, did you play it ? i haven't even finished the 3rd but i'm kind of hesitating.
  БЕИ АБЯАЧАМ, yeah, that's pretty good. I stopped the 3rd at a tailing mission in new york which was SOOO BOOOORING.
  БЕИ АБЯАЧАМ, especially when you have to re do it 5 times because of bugs.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Jonathan Brodsky, Game Walkthroughs yeah it's doable though, i think i'm happy to leave it unmodified though

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: БЕИ АБЯАЧАМ, wandering in nature was pretty thrilling.

JON INGOLD: Stephen Granade, we have a variant in Britain called "well, ish"

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Јeff Үαuѕ, Have you seen the average body type of our culture. Because, ummm...
  Shawn Andrich, A little* Lindsay told me it was your birthday. *She's actually quite tall.
  Laura Lynch Yona, Јeff Үαuѕ Oh you two and your functioning pancreases. Have one for me. Have a bunch for me.

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: i like the passive agressiveness in that last retweet.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Henk Boom, Jonathan Brodsky Game Walkthroughs all Leon Arnott…–'s idea

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Јeff Үαuѕ, My joke has gone awry.

JOSEF A: So I made a tweet that got over 200 faves, but I still feel kind of hollow inside. Is this what life is like?

SIMON ROTH: Why is Walmart (Asda) bringing the "Black Friday" idiocy to our shores? How can we stop it?

JOSEF A: Lara Dwyer, I see. Ok, how many RTs do I need to be successful and fulfilled?

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Shawn Andrich, You're good. You are very, very good.

CHRISAMAPHONE: why is it the norm for (irl) roleplaying game episodes to take 3+hrs? why can't we tell collaborative stories in chunks the size of a tv ep?

SIMON ROTH: Erlend Grefsrud, Ed Stern I saw the little mermaid and Alien in the same year. The little mermaid scared me more. -_-

CHRISAMAPHONE: Jamie Perconti, why isn't that true when you have people over to watch tv?
  .Jamie Perconti yeah, maybe. i'm trying to figure out if i can engineer a RP session approach that works for grownups with jobs/lives :p

SIMON ROTH: Scott Manley, Celsius Game Studios Cool. :) I'll send you a Steam key of the new build on Monday.

CHRISAMAPHONE: Dave Stern, cool, thanks for the tips

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Oh, I figured it out! Seems to be as simple as pos.z*=-1 which Unity must do for OpenGL builds *in* the MVP matrix I'm skipping!

SIMON ROTH: Earlier this week, in my tired haze, I sent someone at 109mb email. I am a bad bad person.

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, (Turns out it's totally analogous to GLSL but w much less elegant syntax—I had to learn GLSL basics &amp; then find a Rosetta stone)

CHRISAMAPHONE: Jamie Perconti, monsterhearts :)
  Jamie Perconti, that's the hope

JON INGOLD: Jason McIntosh, game design by ... um, whatever it is you're scanning with ;)

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Yeah, most of the Cg stuff isn't Unity-specific, but then it's super annoying to run into a black-box/not-documented situation.
  mcc, (I could be doing this in oF but I'm not ready to give up being able to explore 3D shader messes by moving the cam w the mouse)
  mcc, (My grasp of 3D geometry math and linear algebra is still very shaky, so I think I need that crutch)

CHRISAMAPHONE: Jamie Perconti, that has been my experience as well, but i also don't think it has to be that way

SIMON ROTH: Ps4 advertises on page 3 of the Sun today. Heh. (For Americans, The Sun is a popular Murdoch paper than usually has a topless girl on p3.)

CHRISAMAPHONE: Jamie Perconti, yep, i've run a damn wide variety of them over the last decade or so
  Jamie Perconti, (also non-tabletop irl games like larps and puzzlehunts, &amp; i think there are lessons that can carry across those)
  Jamie Perconti, haha yeah. i'd have to basically rebuild it as a new game, but that's doable :)

NOBODYWEKNOW: Jonathan Brodsky, (Thanks again, by the way, for pointing out a few weeks back that I should be looking for Cg info, not "Unity shader" info)

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: I bought asscreed 4 because of БЕИ АБЯАЧАМ . :s
  Ok i told you i would write some stuff on the net. I was pretty busy this week so it'll be tomorrow.
  I'm looking for a name for my tumblr. And all the good puns with "critic" or "critical" are taken.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Cara Ellison, Erlend Grefsrud there have been a lot of successful games with "craft" in the title, it's a winning formula

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: So for now it's "jeu video avant garde" based on a tweet by phil fish which was "jeu video nouvelle vague"
  but i feel it's a bit pretentious.
  maybe something like "quillzone" ou "quilling floor" but the puns are based on games i don't really like.
  Patricia Hernandez, once my brother was asked "do you know about the WWF" in the street and he candidly answer "isn't it a wrestling federation ?"
  Patricia Hernandez, note : it wasn't meant as a joke.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: CICADA (•••), stephen thecatamites where can I see this....when can I see this
  brenda neotenomie, smears a crude angular red spiral on your forehead

JONATHAN WHITING: Mark Jones, Great work! That first successful hell run feels pretty amazing, it's a whole bunch easier the 2nd/3rd etc times.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: I like you best in your sister's clothes

CHRISAMAPHONE: Michael Arntzenius, improv theater doesn't take longer than a regular performance.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: I just have to face it, my best looks are those styled by nature as I lie unconscious for eight hours

CHRISAMAPHONE: Michael Arntzenius, my point is less that theater is a more apt metaphor and more that written word isn't obviously-to-me the right one
  Z, windows onlyyyyyy :(
  Z, can you buy a game through steam and then run it in wine?
  Z, (i assume the sale is just thru steam)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Sin Vega, best to just let it flow

SIMON ROTH: Hello, please stop using the words "next gen". Thank you.

CHRISAMAPHONE: jake, Z oh ew
  Julie the Wizandrist, how come these excerpts don't show what book they're from?

SIMON ROTH: Tom Hatfield, Lewie Procter *Sobs into hands*

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: hubol, we need more tamagotchi virtual pet sims....its a big problem in our world

NOBODYWEKNOW: Charles Johnson, Rev Magdalen I can't speak to his views but isn't the answer surveil'nce ought to be limited to those suspected of a crime?

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: hubol, you sick fuck
  hubol, pet sims that just fill their owners with the despair of being unable to protect their pet from the ravages of time
  hubol, Youre damn right
  Colleen Macklin, all december, after the 4th. boston area. might go up to new york too
  i'm on the east coast all december, let's hang out
  The High Octane Total Glamor Luxury Porpentine East Coast Winter Tour 2013
  Clouse, MA and some others
  Aγάπη Kittyfox, im not sure...probably not
  Char, &lt;3

NOBODYWEKNOW: Aubrey Hesselgren, Oh, no. Which platform? And is that the file name or the internal name that shows up in the drop-down list on materials?

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: rolls across the plain selling my wares and crushing you under my five story cylindrical body
  I remember when gender took up a whole room. Now you can fit one in your pocket!
  caydoge. wow., the latest apple genders
  Horney Death Syndrome is a real problem that afflicts many women
  MAGDEV, its the language of all true game devs....Pure Nonsense
  When god closes a door...she opens a boob window

NOBODYWEKNOW: /'dɹɑkɪn/, I own it but have never played it but would like to play it some time. (Is playing with an entirely inexperienced person a pain?)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Char, *obliterated by beam*

SIMON ROTH: Lewie Procter, •°.STILL SNOWIN'.°• They also haven't patched all the broken textures and shaders in the Directors cut.
  Wish I could spend all night doing these, but I have fundamental gameplay stuff that needs to be switched on.
  In total there will be hundreds of phrases they will use to build hundreds of thousands of potential sentences. Should be cool.
  And really important to provide another insight into the simulation for players who miss the smaller clues like sounds and animation.

NOBODYWEKNOW: /'dɹɑkɪn/, Neat. I'll add you on Steam in the hopes of being around some time when you're looking for players again. :)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Will!, not this year...

NOBODYWEKNOW: Rev Magdalen, Ah, right. Spying on world leaders does feel less objectionable. But does that cover a rationale for whole-population spying?

SIMON ROTH: Added a thing that actually quits the game when you hit quit. Probably should have added that in build 0.02 to be honest. :p
  Michael Stum, It also did nothing. (has also been added).
  Knumskull, I had to make it shift-escape, people got upset about exiting accidentally.
  Dishonoured on sale for the price of a pint, but the DLC's are still almost full price. Annoying.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: I'm nightmarishly convinced that I've been talking obsessively about oubliettes for the last 48 hours across every possible medium
  Count Trossi, this Bondage fad is getting out of hand

CHRISAMAPHONE: Julie the Wizandrist, WOW PRETTY
  Julie the Wizandrist, where is this? pittsburgh?

SIMON ROTH: Scott Manley, Ahh noo. I've been working on Steam all day so I must have been staring at it the whole time too.

CHRISAMAPHONE: e cavallo, idk what that is but yay!!
   Dannel Jurado, it yells at me to use a bigger screen. :/

NOBODYWEKNOW: Rev Magdalen, Oh, good. Agreed. (From some of your tweets/retweets I hadn't been sure where you were coming from on that front.)

CHRISAMAPHONE:  Dannel Jurado, on my phone. but still, i was just trying to see what the page even was...
   Dannel Jurado, it'd be nice if it could be like "this page is [description]. you need a bigger screen for [reason]."

ROBERT LOCKHART: Great 'Indie Lunch' today, uncluttered by excessive indies. Indie City Co-op

CHRISAMAPHONE:  Dannel Jurado, oh that's neat. they have pgh neighborhoods too :)

SEAN VANAMAN: Sarah Argodale, Nick Breckon you guys both are nothing compared to chernobyl duncan fyfe.
  Sarah Argodale, Nick Breckon that was meant for Sarah Silverman, Duncan's on again off again dame

MICHAEL BROUGH: mcc, yeah the sharecart colour scheme worked well with my style

JOSEF A: Quentin Matheson, Good god. Are you sure that wont create an Internet black hole of some kind?
  Now preparing twitter for full Pat's 24 Hours  takeover...

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Nersh, i brush my teeth every day
  Nersh, apply lots of blood and swirl it around to detangle those tough knots

JONATHAN WHITING: Douglas Wilson, Bennett hah! and it's not like you're even very good at Pole Riders anyway!

ROBERT YANG: I think I want my Porco Rosso-y flight sim game to require the player to learn Italian
  Ian Snyder, the in-game Italian class will be 400 lira for a semester and require you to be present once a week or the teacher will fail you

SIMON ROTH: It's 2am and I am currently coding "bum scoot" animations for the dogs in game. :D

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Correction: to go from DirectX to OpenGL view coords it's actually z=(z * -2)+1 (DX's near/far plane is 0..1, GL's is 1..-1)
  mcc, (Getting from the earlier exuberance of the partial solution to the final complete one was such a slog I needed to tell someone)

ORIHAUS: John Gavin Polson, Jamie [the_koi] No harm done, thanks for covering the game!
  direlog, "You have two choices Rihanna, take this pill and die with dignity, or face up to your crimes against Gaga in a military court!"

SEAN VANAMAN: Steve Gaynor, you have to just let this one happen

ROB DAVIAU, GAMER: Cory Banks, I've never heard of this brother.

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Crying surrogate
  Love to all inconvenient women
  My shadow tastes like dark chocolate
  I faved those with two of my tears falling down and striking the screen perfectly

ORI AVTALION: Nick Fisk, Besides the RRP, it is even more expensive because the distributor is US- instead of UK-based?

SEAN VANAMAN: Jake Rodkin, we shoulda named our company anonymous hippopotamus.

JONATHAN WHITING: I speak no Russian. He spoke little English. Our team-mates deserted us, but we nearly took down a team of 4. A nice experience.

JOSEF A: Ate a ton of sushi, drank a quantity of beer, and wrote a hundred stupid jokes. Now in bed. Feel like I finally did a Friday right.

MICHAEL BROUGH: Rami Ismail, this is pretty good for a multiplayer game though, sad to say =/

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: woke up at 4 AM to make a pizza

MICHAEL BROUGH: a dire fawn, actually maybe

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: a court of salamanders convenes by dirtlight
  I'm a businesswoman, that's why you have to die
  panicking as she thrashes in her cyber-exoskeleton, HUD plastic glitching like a mask of jagged fire
  shy mermaid friend, aw thanks hannah....i just sure love swimming! splash splash!
  shy mermaid friend, let us eat burgers in atlantis....

SIMON ROTH: "Star Trek predicting the future" articles are a bit irritating, since most of it was yanked straight from Asimov, Clarke and Heinlein. :p
  Not to say that I don't adore TNG.
  And the original series owes an awful lot to The Outer Limits and people like Harlan Ellison. (Although I think he wrote some episodes?)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Like Build-A-Bear in the mall except Build-An-Oubliette and marketed to the same age group
  She drags those notes through the microphone grille like silver fish pouring through a net

SIMON ROTH: Markus Persson, Nice. Usually "working out the maths" for me is blindly trying every possible combination of variables until something works. :p

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Kaitlin Tremblay, same from my past experiences. unexpected knocks make me very tense
  Kaitlin Tremblay, it's like this tension that my safe enclosed space could be inverted, violated.
  Kaitlin Tremblay, are they protecty kind of dogs?
  Kaitlin Tremblay, aw. company can still feel good though.
  stephen thecatamites, MAGDEV accurate

NOBODYWEKNOW: frie(n)dhoff, I was subtweeted for the first time last night—wasn't sure if I ought to have replied? Faved instead. Oh, now *I'm* subtweeting!

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Meadow dungeon

MICHAEL BROUGH: mcc, but is it a game

ROBERT YANG: mcc, Michael Brough both of you are amazing
  yo I wanna commission (i.e. pay $$$) an artist to paint modular NPC portraits of anthropomorphic animals (games are weird), got any leads?
  (artist style: soft, illustrative, a bit like a children's book but not really, fairly realistic treatment of materials but not anatomy)

SIMON ROTH: New Maia snapshot is up with dog animation fixes, progress reports and other things in. Colonists are a bit broken due to last minute fixes.

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Oh my god, you are onto something really special here.

MICHAEL BROUGH: "You now have -10 flowers. You have given 80 flowers to womans."

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Eh, what's so great about interactivity, anyway :)

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Anthony Burch, ahahaha oh my god. i love this game

ROBERT YANG: omg... whoa... yeah, okay, I guess I'm kinda asking for painters of furries? wow it's weird to realize that's what I'm looking for...

VENGEFUL CUM HARPY: Anthony Burch, ive been writing games for so long....that i am a game...

NOBODYWEKNOW: mcc, Cld you sample handful of pixels from those regions &amp; try arbitrary contrast adjustments until brightness range is wide enough?

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: I think I have a hard time understanding furries because Dreamworks involuntarily built in me a deep hatred of anthropomorphised animals

MICHAEL BROUGH: mcc, they're the only things where you're forced to interact with other people's code

CHRISAMAPHONE: i used to feel like all gender transgression was equally radical before i realized just how pervasively devalued femininity is.
  chrisamaphone, n.b. this is just a (complicated) personal reflection; i'm not criticizing anyone for being transmasculine.

ROBERT YANG: Amber H., Brian Taylor ah, cool stuff, I'll e-mail you

ZEPHYR BIRDFRIEND: Same thing with BJD, i've got a friend making those, but they kind of creep me out.
  (but that's fucking impressive craft)

ANDREW PLOTKIN: And now, the dark cold weeks of sinking, from Foodmas to the Death of the Sun.

SIMON ROTH: Can anyone recommend a decent hot shoe flash for a Canon SLR? My last sigma was 15 years old, so I don't know about the new ones.

ROBERT YANG: (and I'm told it's "pilota", not "piloti", which a ground level structural pillar and/or shoe brand)
  Michele, I think I'm going to hire some italians to edit everything later
