

        THE TWO GENTLEMEN OF TWITTER

        A tragedy in one act




THE ABSTRACT.: UM moves onto the Sweet 16 🙌🙌🙌
  just trying to make it.
  sometimes sitting back and just listening is the best thing to do.
  take it in stride and progress.
  come back down to earth.
  "...shouldn't I realize, you're the highest of the high  if you don't know, then I'll say it  so don't ever wonder."
  Christina Yang, I definitely didn't notice that the tweet dismissed the women's tourney 😳
  Zeke, they have been missing shots like crazy and only down by 10. a comeback is very possible.
  annoyed.
  even though we lost tonight, I'm proud of what UM did this season. ACC Champs &amp; they made it to the Sweet 16. a rarity for UM basketball.
  that was a really deep 3 with a hand in his face. wow!
  welp... another one of those nights.
  looks like another nice day in beantown.
  7 days Marisa Gee 😏
  i miss album covers like that.all no limit albums shouldve been on it RT Charlie Greene Lance Dixon the abstract. this little flip one though
  23Shep, Lance Dixon Stephen Francis I plan to find someone to stay with, spent enough on the tickets lol.
  Jonathan Wall, I'm out here trying to be like you man lol.
  big krit is one of the best rapper/producers of all time.
  龍羅笛, you have to listen to an entire project, a few songs won't do justice. listen to return of 4eva or king remembered in time.
  ... rip it's the remix killer, if mike jack was alive I'd remix thriller"
  idk why, but I think that line is really dope.
  Lance Dixon, thanks for checking up bro, I'm down in Atlanta now so I'm alright.
  it's crazy that I was in the area of the explosion a few days ago. prayers up to everyone in beantown.
  here comes the rain..
  ghostface killah adrian younge x twelve reasons to die (album)
  tmz is the worst.
  turnt up.
  sweetwater fest with my Marisa Gee = success.
  Dolphins moved up to get Dion Johnson, idk much about him but if they moved up to 3 to get him he must be special.
  well this makes sense. RT Armando Salguero: The Dolphins see Dion Jordan as another Jason Taylor.
  lazy friday night.
  I don't like the Knicks, but I like seeing the celtics lose.
  "...can't stop I, from drinkin mai-tai, with ta ta, down in nevada, ha ha, papa, word life"
  jay-z x reasonable doubt
  the sun come out and people forget to put deodorant on... c'mon son.
  "... traffic traffic, glad I got my chap stick, feeling kinda car sick, there's a Ford Maverick."
  I've had the craziest toothache for the past few hours, this is terrible 😩
  that right jab is killin Guerrero.
  Floyd is too quick.
  yea, this is over.
  Guerrero needs to start taking chances now, he is holding back a lot of shots. he has nothing to lose at this point.
  "... flying high in the friendly sky."
  habits &amp; contradictions.
  well, alright..
  well, now that I'm wide awake. what to do now?
  ⚔ Roronoa Zoro, thanks bro!
  Daughter Maitland , thanks Janaye!
  feels good to be 23, thanking God for another year.
  Lance Dixon, thanks bro!
  Ciara Nicole , thanks Nicole!
  after giving 9 hours of my day to my students, it's finally time to enjoy my birthday👍
  off to Atlanta. turn up.
  congrats to Morehouse's class of 2013. I remember how amazing this day was for me and I didn't have a real commencement speaker lol.
  y'all make sure to enjoy this moment cause it won't happen again. enjoy the spotlight being on you and bask in your accomplishment.
  how you show up late to your own graduation with your cap and gown still in the package 😳?
  if anything, you should be on time for your own graduation.
  colin cowherd is awesome. definitely espn's best radio host.
  TSA had to pat down homegirl weave.
  Boston is so random.
  23Shep, Chuck the Efficient  Lance Dixon Stephen Francis we have to! money team strong
  happy birthday to the big homie  ⚔ Roronoa Zoro. enjoy ya day bro.
  ⚔ Roronoa Zoro, wish you were up here. I'm in NYC for the weekend for the Governors ball fest!
  this rain is bullshit.
  I'm just ready to be on Randall's island.
  23Shep, Stephen Francis Lance Dixon still on the ferry, where are y'all at?
  23Shep, man I left, I couldn't deal with the rain anymore. I'm soaked. but I'm definitely going to be out there early tomorrow.
  23Shep, I'm about to do the same. we left before she came on. they should've stopped it earlier than they did.
  23Shep, Lance Dixon Stephen Francis I would've been right there with y'all lol.
  the Heat are not losing this game.
  nan. I wish I was home.
  "... in a french ass restaurant, hurry up with my damn croissants."
  this is the best NBA finals I have ever seen.
  so many great moments and this game 7 is about to give me a heart attack.
  BACK TO BACK CHAMPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  dom kennedy is one of the most consistent rappers out. when was the last time you heard a bad dom kennedy song?
  @KevinUncut, you don't know much about hip-hop...
  I remember now why I stay off twitter, everyone is an expert...
  @KevinUncut, smh...
  got a solid 11 hours of sleep last night which is probably more than I had the rest of the week.
  Charlie Greene, dope article bro, you forgot about the Jay Elec signing though lol.
  Nas' response to "Let Nas Down" is classic hip-hop.
  r.kelly got hits.
  blu &amp; exile x give me my flowers while I can still smell them [album]
  July is the Saturday of summer.
  Chuck the Efficient , Born Sinner &gt; All other Cole projects. the production was on point and more substance. I still think he should start working...
  Chuck the Efficient , with other producers, shit starts to sound the same if you do everything on your own.
  Chuck the Efficient , I think Yeezus was solid, ahead of the curve. more people are going to start to use that sound in hip-hop now. ok, that's it lol
  Complex , I read complex enough, I know you guys are just as sad as I am.
  just saw "let me explain," Kevin Hart is funny as hell. and since no one is taking stand up serious like him he has whole lane to himself.
  "... stereotypes of a black male misunderstood, but it's still all good."
  I'm baffled.
  Two rap songs everyone should know all the lyrics to : Ice Cube - It was a good day and Biggie- Juicy
  I gotta start tweeting again.
  I rarely use this thing anymore
  y'all see me more often.
  yasiin bae., really? I thought they were zombies too..
  "... show em better than I can tell em, they gon feel me"
  happy birthday to my bro 23Shep. live up to your nickname tonight lol.
  hey young world.
  you know my steez..
  all in together now, things are looking better now.
  in a midst of confusion lol.
  anyone else excited about the return of Breaking Bad?
  I have a feeling that the last 8 episodes are going to be epic.
  23Shep, I read they pulled out all of the stops for the final 8, we can't lose.
  I've been waiting for that moment. The battle of Walt and Hank begins..
  Thank you Kendrick Lamar for bringing back healthy competition in hip-hop. keepin these rappers on they toes.
  think back 10-15 years ago and how exciting hip-hop was. Everyone was trying to show how much better they were than the competition.
  You gotta take down the best to be the best.
  "...yelling YOLO was a lie, and you a liar wonder why you wanna die so young"
  YoungBarbancourt, He knows Jesse actually might kill him, he has nothing to lose!
  Its crazy how much Skylar's character has changed. She used to hate Walt, now she ordering hits
  YoungBarbancourt, but now it's looking like he going to snitch.
  Suelz, my bad 😅
  happy birthday to the homie Jonathan Wall. I hope it's been a good one.
  23Shep, something in me didn't want that to happen. I want Walt to go out on his own terms.
  Hank using Jesse as bait.. this will be interesting.
  welp..
  thank God for DVR. RT 23Shep: Just realized that tomorrow night tv-wise is about to be a problem once it hits 9 pm.
  23Shep, I feel that, I know for a fact I'll be watching it.
  that was such a terrible pass.
  Ron Livingston Jr. , I'm sure that's what the game plan is becoming. Morris just needs to manage the game.
  that's definitely a fumble.
  we have to get some points out of the drive.
  I can't get over how weird it looks with Devin Gardner wearing 98. it's for a great reason though so I respect it.

GUCCI VALENTINE: blacky miles, I'm 28 and have a daughter. That shit looks like filth and screams, " I'm fast".
  Traci Pitman, It's possible. You were in Mrs. Moore's class. Anything is possible for us chosen few.
  blacky miles, Yep. She 6 weeks today.
  blacky miles, Lmao!!! Hell yeah, shaw'. I dropped det baybeh July 28
  blacky miles, Y'all birthday cousins.
  Kal-ill, Don't that shit look terrible?! Lol
  Making some tonight. Come by! “eryk baedu What I'd REALLY like are some good chicken wings.”
  15 “Chicken Parma John 14! And Zoey mama mad! RT 50 Shades of Bae: 20 RT Rik Rocc: 20 RT Eyoncè : How old were u on 9/11/01?”
  I have chicken stuck in my teeth. I'm automatically sexier than you.
  Best Buy needs to run me my damn phone.
  Justin's "20/20 Experience" or whatever it was called was mad over hyped. Y'all played me like shit on that one.
  Spongebob is stupid.
  With his fine ass. «Michael Arceneaux All hail Ebro.»
  Dan Swit Me, You know it.
  I played What We Do for the baby. She nodded her head in a showing of solidarity &amp; ultimate trillness.
  You talking mighty tough, young man. “Rodney D. ® I stayed right behind LE &amp; went to TX High lol fuck a leopard”
  Rodney D. ®, You can't. You went to Texas High.
  Rodney D. ®, Just tell me the time &amp; the place and I'm in that thang.
  Rodney D. ®, Never that. I can't lose. Now, had I graduated a tiger, maybe...
  Rodney D. ®, They taught y'all how to spell "decision"? Look at the quality of education improving over there. Congrats, lol.
  ATL would be proud “Skinny Luther  Let me make it up with peen. Lay yo body down. Baby, let me work it out. Making love will change...”
  That's the truth if I ever saw it “OJ RT Curve Gotti: RT TARA/KING :.: I want you but I don't need you.”
  The things I would do to, for, and with Young Jeezy.
  Rodney D. ®, I'm still talking my shit. I don't care if we lost the game, lol
  Rodney D. ®, We may suck, but you know you like it
  Rodney D. ®, Nope. Goodnight, Rodney!
  Rodney D. ®, You slid that one in! I'mma let you make it. THIS time.
  I still love "Suit and Tie".

THE ABSTRACT.: Hank is about to die
  it's crazy how everything came full circle for Walt.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Robert!, She's cute, though
  I like your walk.  Crazy about your talk.  Your style is so fly.  Boy, you are so fine.  I love your pretty brown eyes...
  Why don't you stop all the pretendin, what tha bizness gon be?
  Tremaine Neverson spoke a word with that.
  Antoine...with a Z, Whoa whoa whoa. Let's talk about this.
  Rudewig Baethoven, Are they *REALLY* innocent?
  Rudewig Baethoven, Them is nigga nostrils. They guilty til proven innocent.
  Just Me, You saw that too? Lol
  Rudewig Baethoven, She needs to retire her gotdamn headwrap.
  “Aye... “We are not the same I'd cry a million nights over a situation but guess what?! You'd never know...
  That We are not the same is speaking a word this morn.
  What the hell is "nawl" and "drawls"? I know no one is really saying that shit. Its "NAW" &amp; "DRAWS"
  I'm kinda obsessed with Rich Homie Quan.
  Douglas Whatley, Where's the rest of your hair?
  A sexually transmitted disease “Sam Wtf is a Jason Derulo?”
  U know me so well “Chicken Parma John I knew you would like him and I respect that! RT Gucci Valentine: I'm kinda obsessed with Rich Homie Quan.”
  “Skinny Luther  I KNOW YOU DO!”
  No one will ever know how much I love chocolate chip cookies.
  Rudewig Baethoven, And, we love you back
  2001-2003 T.I. was...that young nigga was the dopest part of the hood...the best of the worst Atlanta and everything right in rap.
  I miss that nigga horribly. Refined, hood Huxtable-esque is cool too, but...  You remember his verse on Never Scared.
  Wonder if @treysongz is interested in being in an open relationship...
  OH MY GOD, I'M SO HUNGRY, JESUS.
  Send delicious chicken wings, treats, and niblets to get me THROUGH, FATHER.
  My nigga, my nigga “G-14 Classified RT ♥KUTE ASXXX♥: 2 Words fah Yah LOVE &amp; LOYALTY!”

THE ABSTRACT.: only 2 more episodes of Breaking Bad. the anticipation is killing me!

GUCCI VALENTINE: I know you do! “Skinny Luther  “A$AP Pharoah (PhD) DONT LOOK LIKE DAT””
  “michael I'm currently washing crusty ranch dressing out of a Wedgwood gravy boat and listening to Juvenile. What y'all doing?”
  That is what life is all about.
  DRO-semite Sam, So you coming out with a live album this afternoon? Awesome. I'll buy 2, lol. You betta sang, miss honey.
  I hate to hear people discuss money. Its so uncomfortable to me.
  I was raised believing that discussion of money ( how much you have, how much you make, how much something costs) is classless &amp; tacky.
  Dan Swit Me, he old enough to be yo daddy.
  Kirby, Outsiders got diseases.
  Dan Swit Me, NOT NUFFIN.
  Vawn &amp; Polo Da Don remind me of each other.
  Rudewig Baethoven how you feeling today, nigga?
  Rudewig Baethoven, Anytime, nigga.
  Fuck pumpkin, bro.
  Don't act like a pussy, I won't call you a pussy. Its all so sequential.
  What is Breaking Bad about?
  Skinny Luther , You looking GOOT, honey. Keep doing what you're doing!
  Sade. I'm a smooth operator.
  I'm shinin', hoe!
  Thank ya, Lawd!
  I need a Rich Homie Quan MTV Unplugged.
  Randy McRatchet , ...Courtney. You ate that?

THE ABSTRACT.: Breaking Bad series finale tonight.. sad to see the show end but I know tonight is going to be epic.
  Walt is out for blood.
  Greatest show ever.
  Thank you, Breaking Bad.
  The ending was exactly what I wanted.
  Now, I must watch Homeland.
  Tyree , I can't say, I wasn't big on the Wire. but the writing for Breaking Bad was amazing, not too many shows can top it.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Take my heart in your hand &amp; do WHATEVER you wanna do with it, baby.
  I know you deserve the best &amp; I can't keep treating you like I treat the rest.
  Crackheads had the original ombre.
  Will do. “Rudewig Baethoven Dress your chubby golden brown baby as a hush puppy in a basket with fish and fries.”

THE ABSTRACT.: we'll see what the Dolphins are made of tonight.
  I hope the Dolphins get a W cause Marisa Gee won't let me hear the end of if they lose lol.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Dan Swit Me, I texted you Rich Homie's bridge. Remember?
  Dan Swit Me, You are a 43 year old, white, divorced mother of 3

THE ABSTRACT.: the dolphins will never win any football games if they don't start running the ball more.
  burned popcorn &lt;
  the smell is even worst.

GUCCI VALENTINE: I feel like I haven't tweeted in a year.
  I am old &amp; tired.
  I don't even like flirting no more. Shit just takes too much outta me.
  Watching "Snakes On a Plane". True OG I am.
  Natural hair my ass. I need to put in some natural weave, hell.
  Babies are funny.
  Who uses an alarm clock? Shit is wild early 2000's.
  The Monkey. , Hey suga. You had a birthday. Happy birthday (belated?)!!!
  The Monkey. , I'm glad. :) On a scale of 1-10, how turnt is this b-day? Lol
  The Monkey. , hell, that sounds like a good time
  I need a vacation. Most would assume its the growing pains of new motherhood, but its not. She's dope. I got that. Its all this OTHER shit
  Maybe my standards are too high. I require too much. I expect too much of people.
  But, I only hold people to the same standards I hold myself. I walk it like I talk.
  Is weed legal yet? SHIT.
  I need a vice. That's my problem.
  I won't quit it... til I have, til I get it... I'll admit it...  I'm in looooooooove
  I need a playlist of what we were listening to 2005-2007 in Atlanta.
  Really, flaw ass niggas are my problem. But, we'll say its that I need a vice.
  I think I know everything.
  There's never been anything, in my 28 years of life, that I've really really really wanted &amp; not gotten.
  That includes you.
  Fuck wit me you know I got it...  (Not really. Well, it depends on what "it" is...)
  White woman at work saw pictures of Dré &amp; said, "Goodness, Ruby! She is gorgeous. Just as pretty as Blue Ivy. If not prettier" I felt a way
  1) You will not use my child to bond with the Blacks2.) I know she is. Duh. 3) I was hyped that my ANYTHING was compared to Queen Bey, lol
  For the most part, though? I was wild hyped.
  I really enjoy trips to the liquor store...though I don't drink ...
  “electric.ricky You grind. I sleep.”
  Word. “electric.ricky Cannot stress this enough. RT Xavier D'Leau: "wyd" really gets on my nerves.”

THE ABSTRACT.: "we're rhyming words with sock, I'm scared" - teacher quote of the day.

GUCCI VALENTINE: SUPER LATE. But, I can't stand him either!! “Nolivia Nope Kirk Franklin? Sure! Donald Lawrence? Yeah! James Fortune? NAWL.”
  Nolivia Nope, I don't know, but he irks me something terrible
  You know my life “Nolivia Nope One of my worst habits is explaining myself to people when I don't have to. Oh &amp; apologizing when I'm not sorry”
  electric.ricky, I'm so happy to see you feeling better &lt;3
  It is “Skinny Luther  FOH RT Tom TibbehTOE: Lil Wayne's chorus on "Duffle Bag Boy" has to be one of the best R&amp;B ballads of all time”
  Wayne on Duffle Bag Boy is only rivaled by the pure unadulterated passion of Dre's (of Cool &amp; Dre fame) haunting vocals on Brown Paper Bag
  Bless the name of the Most High for Dairy Queens all across the nation.

THE ABSTRACT.: I know its still pretty early but the Red Sox got this. It's about to a party in Beantown.
  that pass was perfect.

THELONIUS SHAW: Want some pie
  Untold Secrets, well damn, that explains it
  Me and oomf was suppose to have a talk this summer and never did. I wonder what that was about?
  I really want to just want to eradicate this kid. It's taking the whole Greek pantheon to keep my cool
  Wally west.
  Sigh... Alone again for the night
  It truly is a lot of simple ass people in the world.
  Alcohol will now be served in Atlantic station movie theaters? Awwww shyt nigga. Lol
  AJ, this is not a drill. It will be in place by this Friday for Thor. In the new VIP sections in the theaters
  De'Jon Uchiha, lol shol would
  2nd time I ain't had no cash when some random was selling a taser and stun gun. Dang it.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Rudewig Baethoven, Lol! Thank you. That's my BFF. Collectively, we're known as "The Wolfpack". And, trust she ain't here for NONE of it
  Rudewig Baethoven, Hell yes I am. Her name is OG Dré V. Gets no realer.

THELONIUS SHAW: : Chick-Fil-A confirms Dan Cathy has been appointed CEO. His father, Truett Cathy, will remain at the company as chairman emeritus.
  A nigga misses 1 episode of Scandal and is confused like hell.
  She so damn spiteful
  Welp cast list bout to get shorter.
  Damn niggas getting ruthless
  Harrison used to fck with the Nation!?Hell yea nigga.
  Anthony williams, right! She be downing 1 glass and be damn gone
  She wanted to be a princes so you gave this hoe a straw?
  So I wonder if Cyrus is gay in real life?
  Lol RT Daris Lmao at yall calling her Phoebe.
  Everybody at that table gotta die
  Lol nigga shut up Chill Dauterive Harrison got into some trouble after graduating from Truth U. smh
  Profess Or Reed, right. At first she was this random white girl new to the big city who boyfriend broke up with her. Now...
  That commercial was fake.
  Somebody stone this hoe
  The Lord speaks through you brother Dean. "Haha, I get that alot"
  De'Jon Uchiha, now if they had the Heroes writers where every character had their own background story and then they tied everything together.
  Well Harrison tried to call that niggas bluff, but it wasn't a bluff at all.
  Yep bitch, still have no clue.lol her faceeeeeeee!!!!
  She was 12? He had to at least be 18 how old is Fitz and how old is Liz?

GUCCI VALENTINE: Praise team = Twerk team

THELONIUS SHAW: Corey A. Hardiman, wait what is it tho?
  King Bond V of Wales, when were you gon go outside to see wht the hell it was? Lol
  King Bond V of Wales, What if it was aliens or something, now you just a sitting duck cuz you don't even kno they here. Where u waiting for screams? Lol
  Free thanksgiving sample day at whole foods today.! Hell yea

BRO JACKSON: Smh RT P. Hills: Don't forget The Miss Universe Pageant comes on at 9 tonight! I know y'all don't care like I do, but whatever. Lol.
  Jokes lol...maybe
  This nigga said "half a hundred and one" lol..idk why that's so funny to me man
  Kaye, what? lol
  Tenn Peaches, Lmao 😂😭..I'm going lol
  coop., what are we getting? 👀
  Bruh. I'm a real fatass. It's a problem!
  coop., check if they have a review for that spot on yelp or urban spoon
  Tenn Peaches, you swear you me bruh lol
  Naw I seriously have an appetite like a dude twice my size.
  Tenn Peaches, that's why that as...*loses reception*
  DaniJ, what channel is that on? I want to see what the hype is about after this game go off
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), Tenn Peaches damn..all that?? Sheesh lol
  DaniJ, thank you
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), Tenn Peaches what you say to niggas you DON'T like?? Lmao 😂
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), Tenn Peaches
  Johnny Football on the field like “Are you not entertained?!"
  A&amp;M band need to stop playing and run FDB x Young Dro one time
  Saison Margeurite, LMFAO!!
  Saison Margeurite, I can imagine you giving somebody that exact look too lol
  Filth Pope™, right!
  I don't believe people can't change. I just think they satisfied being selfish/shady so there is no desire to
  This nigga fumbled at GOAL?! The hell is going on??
  Bruh GOTTA be sick right now
  LSU gotta treat that dude like Rev from Remember The Titans from now on. Make him run miles with the ball in hand

THELONIUS SHAW: so damn tired.

BRO JACKSON: Yes. 👀 RT Chill Dauterive 2 times for Deltas

THELONIUS SHAW: American Dad and Family Guy must just got the approval to say the word BITCH on TV. thy did it twice in 2 obvious ways tonight.
  Scooter Taylor, we got them underground wells boy.!!
  Sigh...
  Theres so much stuff I'd like to do, try, and experience and im feeling im starting to get to old for some of these things.
  Like I really want to plant a top notch grade A kush plant. I heard it was hard, and i have a green thumb. SO i want to test my abilities.
  Like Id give that shyt away, I don't want it, I just want to see If I can grow it. lol
  and of course that just one on my list of many, some of them are a tad private tho.
  But yea. Goodnight tho.

BRO JACKSON: I tried so hard to be great today. Made it all the way to 10 pm Pacific Standard Time nigga. But NO! I can't have a full day to myself.
  I'm so frustrated right now man
  A Name Above All, my girl just came at me sideways. But whatever, I'll be straight in like 5 minutes
  Factual. RT P. Hills: I don't think men really care if they get curved. Unless it was a girl they REALLY wanted.
  As a man you can't fear the curve because it will hold you back from prosperity if you let it
  There are some untrained, undisciplined dudes who fear the curve and let the bitch in them come out via reaction
  Naw go ahead and finish. *holds mic* RT Maryland Monrow . i have a big forehead because i give great do...nvm
  Segun came with the CANNON!
  Alice, what did you do? lol
  J The Deerbra Hunter, Chill Dauterive that's why I chill on the sidelines lol..it's too hot in the paint right now
  Alice, welp! Serves them right. You okay?
  Alice, okay cool

THELONIUS SHAW: majorjus, hold up, taco cabana has been replaced with what?!

BRO JACKSON: I'm off 5 hours of sleep. Still tired. But I need to get in the gym. Wish I could pay somebody to work out for me sometimes lol

THELONIUS SHAW: Treven, thats a great idea!! My inner self. "I know its a great idea, I came up with it."
  Scooter Taylor, Problem Child is my shyt. lol
  Brilliant ass business move RT: BREAKING: Hawaii Senate passes gay marriage, clearing islands to become a same-sex wedding destination.
  2ton, -_- thats the reason you going with? ok cool lol

BRO JACKSON: I'm about to try and find a birthday gift for my nephew. He's 1 already. I swear he was born like last month bruh
  Realizing that little man is having his first birthday already makes me feel elderly at 22
  Chill Dauterive, we can start this..
  The approach of Christmas every year reminds me of how bad I am at gift giving and how broke I will be after the fact
  Dolemite Jr, that's cleopatra coleman
  Chill Dauterive, google Cleopatra Coleman. You're welcome.
  I saw her in one movie and looked for her name in the credits bruh. Thirst on 1000. Fuck it though, y'all saw the pic
  Chill Dauterive, naw I was not here. Didn't mean to jam you up bruh lol
  Bored
  A Name Above All, I'm at work. Not an option lol
  Morning y'all
  Still got an hour left at work but my phone on 3%. So stressful.

THELONIUS SHAW: De'Jon Uchiha, I don't know. It didn't excite me like I thought it should.
  De'Jon Uchiha, lol yep, and u see how that turned out.
  AJ, where you? I need to run something by you.
  Where the hell is Mr.FinessHer ?
  Eazy Ran, you and your sub conscience must be contemplating about something really really hard.
  Eazy Ran, lol that's what dreams are
  I will say this. Mellie is a ride or die bish.
  Dorian Francois, Chuck Mington thought it was for the VP husband. to stir up some shyt?
  If Shonda was a good writer Olivia's mom would still be dead as fck. Despite everyone's opinion.
  His wife? Cyrus just said he had a wife
  nahh he just had a wife. RT DivergentSapien: Rt "jaclayveon downey: OH SHIT CYRUS USED TO NOT BE GAY" -______________-
  Can they please give Harrison a solid colored shirt? once?
  why was Olivia's mom going to London anyway?
  Mellie leave this nigga yo. write your book. go the fck in. and leave this nigga.
  sooo who allowed this question in the interview.
  Wait so people actually hated Mellie? I loved the damn woman. she a better damn woman did Olivia.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Lord, save Quinn!!

THELONIUS SHAW: get the fuck outta here.
  nigga gay. lol

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Millie clocks the tea!!

THELONIUS SHAW: thats why VP was like ol bitch was lying. he didnt dare put his hands on her
  GTFOH

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Bitch!!!! I'm gagging!!
  Her mom is still perched!!

THELONIUS SHAW: you can't even explain that. bitch been gone for 15 years.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Scandal is too much for me tonight!!

THELONIUS SHAW: this is going 2 take some biblical writing skills.U can't explain how a bitch disappear 4 20 years and explain how she just gon show up
  Wally West.

BRO JACKSON: A Name Above All, You for gotdamn certain don't text me. So there's that. And naw, I'm not mad lol
  I shouldn't be tweeting right now. But I'm a thug so...
  Filth. RT Chill Dauterive I need velvet in my life too
  Chill Dauterive, I plead the fifth

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Skinny Luther : Chante's got a man at home...” Not no more....
  Skinny Luther , : Indeed....
  Smoking on the dock of the bay....
  What the worm needs now is rugs, Persian rugs....

BRO JACKSON: Got an event tomorrow night and I'm trying to find something to wear
  Dolemite Jr, Black Dynamite or Let Me Explain
  Where the hell is Skinny Luther ?
  Skinny Luther , I'm trying to put something together I just need a thumbs up or a suggestion

THELONIUS SHAW: Profess Or Reed, one would think. the funny thing is, most of the girls don't know they name either.
  I want to do something. not a club, not necessarily a "kick back" but something. with a few drinks and good people.
  Fat lady walks up a flight of stairs and says "I can barely make it up, I'm so sore." Oh okay that's what we calling obesity now? Got it.
  De'Jon Uchiha, finale? Season 2. Yesterday was the last episode?
  People in Africa call mushrooms mushflowers?! Or is this nigga retarded?
  De'Jon Uchiha, scared to ask but did lil air bender girl and Korra go to spirit world yet in the ones you watched?
  De'Jon Uchiha, yea just watched it. they coulda kept some of that shyt right on the drawing board where it should have stayed.

BRO JACKSON: Being in a venue with multiple TVs and no Football &lt;
  I asked to change the channel to that SC/FL game and the waitress hit me with the curve talmbout we don't have a remote. BRUH.
  I'm taking my order to go out this bitch. All I wanted was some Football while I wait for my food.
  Pulley, I'm at the bar 😂
  Filth Pope™, I'm sick man

THELONIUS SHAW: This a good ass margarita
  Lol RT Eazy Ran: Brah I'm So Faded I Thought The Metro Was A Giant Slug
  Goodnight late night type people. Oh and Wally West, Barry Allen, Bart Allen
  Tryna get that old fashion tho. What's good? Lol
  What that mouth do tho?
  What's your tongue cadence? Lol
  But I will say, the Color Purple was one of my top
  I swear white people can't say nothing about blacks with out getting yelled at. Lol
  The Real Segun Idowu, sorry to say, but the whole thing was drawn in Africa thus they were Africans, thus... Race-themed.
  You 21 yet? RT Ron Livingston Jr. : "Catching Fire" is about to be AMAZING!
  Ron Livingston Jr. , I mean u don't talk 2 me anymore so how was I supposed 2 know. But anyway go watch catching fire in the new VIP 21 section
  Ron Livingston Jr. , Atlantic station, you gotta buy the tickets early. They have a 3 page food menu, bar, big ass chairs and they bring it 2 you
  Ron Livingston Jr. , it's RPX so $14. 3d is whatever RPX3d is,and U buy drinks and food separate if u want. but id go just for chairs
  De'Jon Uchiha, that shyt tight man. Drinks are mediocre at best tho.
  De'Jon Uchiha, I'm sure there are plenty of theaters like that in New York
  De'Jon Uchiha, I know where you are, it's still ny tho

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Yessss woman to woman!!
  They can bring Kim ZolciakBiermann back for this BS that KENYA MOORE is selling this season!!
  Idk how I feel about a 12 year old with a weave.... Granted the length is appropriate!!
  Kordell using them anal beads!!
  “J A N 25th: I Wanna FaceTime” Alight!! 😏
  Super Star, : Violence, but naw, I'm only messing!!
  Super Star, : You already know I'm not.... 😒

THELONIUS SHAW: Yall I miss Paula Deen. lol
  They got some new random big white chick up here now who i guess is "rustic" she shol aint country tho.
  And like she's fuckin huge
  How the hell did Youtube shut down? this is cyberterrorism
  Giustino Curveanova, Denarius left thus Bonner stopped paying for it. simple
  I swear black folks are so damn creative. cuz this ArmaniCaptions TT is funny as hell If we wanted to we could kill the marketing sector.
  This is rude as hell.but I hope Geroge Z. shoots someone else just so the beige people who were so pro this man can realize he's crazy

ISIAH D. COPELAND: When amere . coming back man????
  amere ., : And guess who will be in NYC for that whole week?? 😒😒
  amere ., : Yep, so you better be here at least through the New Years!!
  amere ., : Then I will see you, ayye!! 😁😁
  “amere .: Ummmmmmm DM ME!!!!!!” Nope!! 😜😝😛
  Let me take my ass to sleep know good and damn well I got class at 9:25am!!

BRO JACKSON: Afternoon y'all

THE ABSTRACT.: just read that Outkast may be performing at Coachella next year. If they do, I promise you I will be in Indio, California come next April.
  man, and I was just telling Marisa Gee that it's my mission to see them in the next 10 years. It maybe cut down to 5 months.

THELONIUS SHAW: TezzieBCuttin, you free 11,12, or  1-ish tomorrow for a cut?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: And this is why Skinny Luther  is my nigga for life!!
  Skinny Luther , : I couldn't possibly take all the credit!!
  Skinny Luther , : Yea, my hoes is still my hoes tho!! And they bad....
  Someone get Darius out my mentions.... 😂😂😂😂

THELONIUS SHAW: I don't know why I feel like licking a nipple and sucking on an areola right now.
  Isn't that a random ass craving? Lol
  Let me go to damn bed I guess.
  Wally west.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Skinny Luther , : I know you are tho!!

GUCCI VALENTINE: I need a woodgrain steering wheel in my Altima. REAL. NIGGA. SHIT.
  How old is too old for crushes? I'm asking for my crush.
  I feel like there's so much to tweet about.
  My baby is still the best thang smokin. (Word to Young Dro)
  I listened to (or tried to listen to) Tamar's album. I'll pass on her in perpituity.
  I miss Clark Atlanta, but not necessarily Atlanta.
  Kenya Moore looks like she uses tinted concrete as foundation.
  Kim Kardashian has become exponentially finer post birthing that little intermediate direction.
  Chicken Parma John, You know it!

MEREDITH TRAY: If I could just be the person that holds Britney up in the booth and feeds her I'd be set.
  T.I. loves describing really disgusting sex practices. Like...who is gonna clean that up?
  Skinny Luther , my nigga, my nigga

THELONIUS SHAW: This nigga pose to be bringing refreshments for black college kids and showed up with sun chips and organic trail mix.
  Daris, they not even the good flavor.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Women who have perms &amp; little ass ponytails can't cook. They can make fire Kool Aid, though.
  Is Flip Mode still a thing?
  Did Hustle Gang replace Pimp Squad Clique?
  THE STREETS GOT QUESTIONS, BRUH.
  Why is K. Michelle never on LHHNY?
  You can't ban the Snowman.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: No problem ! «Vlade Unas Oh yea, and Big ups to the co worker for coming through with the breakfast...»

BRO JACKSON: Maliah ass just look so damn soft. I just wish I could grab it one time lol
  Umbreon, somebody in your mentions lied to you. End of story.
  Also. RT The Real Segun Idowu: I just want to ask these guys calling Morehouse Men gay what community college they go to
  Certain people love to slander my institution until they see the shine.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: how I know all morehouse men aren't gay.... im dating one....

BRO JACKSON: I won't bother trying to dissuade inflexible/ignorant minds. But I know what's good.
  Tom TibbehTOE, Umbreon started that lol. It's dead now.
  Umbreon, none of the backlash was directed at you, just those you retweeted
  Umbreon, who attacked you? lol
  It's gonna rain all day and my lady 40 minutes away.
  Might have to take a trip...
  That last RT! LMFAO! Y'all Twitter personalities so fraudulent.
  I'm done addressing slander. Who knows somebody who sells Jordans? I need somebody legit.
  J. Thunder, this. “ RT LesaMonroe: “HUMonTHESE: Majority of Morehouse niggas are homosexuals.” Especially the one I fucked."

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I used to love him...... but now I dont

BRO JACKSON: J. Thunder, that's how this began.
  J. Thunder, welp lol
  J. Thunder, ultimate disrespect

THELONIUS SHAW: Never thought I'd see an iota probate at Morehouse college. Look at Wilson he brings change
  It's like 10 iotas on campus!! It's liking seeing fairies and unicorns flying round.

BRO JACKSON: I really want a new phone just for a better camera son. All my pics blurry bruh. How am I supposed to prosper on IG like this?
  Some of the pics in my gallery look like I got the TV censor blur over my face
  lɘɒнɔiмɿɒɔ ɘiƨƨυƨ ✌, hey I need your help with something. I'll DM you
  Kellie.K.Momon , exactly

KHIA: Goddess of Blood, Which one do you like?
  The Creator , I 💛U Most😘
  Shane, I 💛U Back💋
  The Creator , Dave_ Yasssss and you know how much the Queen likes giving RT😝
  Joey, Yassssss😘☺💋😍❤ The Queen Bows..Puts check in your account!! Lol
  Oisin, Okkk!! Who knows.. Or cares I'm just GLAD we're FABULOUS😘

MEREDITH TRAY: Callie gotta kill Arizona.
  Get Bailey outta here

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Bitch, I ain't ready for scandal.....
  Damn you Quinn!!

THELONIUS SHAW: okay see now...

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Jesus..... Why she eating herself!!

THELONIUS SHAW: Ah shyt. Shonda don introduced vampires into the show. Talk about a twist.

MEREDITH TRAY: of course jeff appears to pray

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Olivia moms on 1 forreal!!

THELONIUS SHAW: I remember a time when my TL was like " I fck with this Quinn girl" now...

MEREDITH TRAY: Pope Jeffuhz I, lift me up

THELONIUS SHAW: James gon like that nigga, what Cyrus don't know.

MEREDITH TRAY: Lindsay OKeefe, awwwwww
  is anybody excited about this new anchorman movie?
  why does she look so snatched?
  Fitz done brought Olivia to Bella and Edward's honeymoon suite.
  Pope Jeffuhz I, gotta go off the strenf of Mary's wig

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Nigga you still married.... How dare you give Liv too much!!

THELONIUS SHAW: If yall don't believe in magic. just look at the makeup on these old ass characters. its a youth spell.

MEREDITH TRAY: The president is a snake in the grass.

THELONIUS SHAW: Jus want to let yall know this is the sex scene where Olivia gets pregnant by the president.
  damn i thought he was gone. fck.

MEREDITH TRAY: Olivia should've just nigga pleased Fitz.
  FITZ IN HER BUTT

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Jesus, Liv can't turn down the dick!!

MEREDITH TRAY: I'm sad because I can't feel happy about that sex
  Also, I think the writers just wanted to fuck up their "X episodes since Fitz and Olivia did push push" counter.
  Mrs. Westlake, you're on a roll tonight.
  I want that old thing back. ABC's Scandal

THELONIUS SHAW: hahaRT Amazon Whisperer : He has on regular boxers?!?! Signs of trash dick.

MEREDITH TRAY: Lies and fallacies. Antics and shenanigans.

THELONIUS SHAW: she playing this nigga. Gave him just enough ass for a few more weeks.

MEREDITH TRAY: Harrison fuckin

THELONIUS SHAW: who HARRISON in bed with?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: My husbands not your husband Millie!!

THELONIUS SHAW: Harrison disappointed me. a white bish? were you that lonely bro?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Mellie Grant ♥: "Isiah D. Copeland: My husbands not your husband Millie!!"She Tried It!” Right!!
  Mellie Grant ♥, : I know, lol!!

MEREDITH TRAY: The man with the horn rimmed glasses

ISIAH D. COPELAND: The trade is aggressive!!

MEREDITH TRAY: Now I told y'all this show was crazy (and awful) right after I saw the pilot.
  I kept watching for the sex, but now that's not even fun.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: She took the hit!!

MEREDITH TRAY: OHHHH
  LOLOLOLOLOL Cyrus petty
  KILL HER

THELONIUS SHAW: The Pope family are all beasts. yo. lol Momma Pope killed this man and walked out.

MEREDITH TRAY: That was some dumb shit.

THELONIUS SHAW: Hell yea, Huck, fck Quinn ass up.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Why I gotta wait 2 weeks Jesus??

MEREDITH TRAY: Mama Pope really dined on her wrists, healed in a day, and superwomanned her way out of Narnia and found out where Olivia was walking.

THELONIUS SHAW: i know how this is gon turn out, but olivia's team should not even stand a chance against b613.

MEREDITH TRAY: You can't lick my face without taking me to dinner first. Quinn a hoe.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I finally figured out wat imma do for dev
  Where's dev chill button..where??

ISIAH D. COPELAND: I don't understand when ppl say, we together but not official.... Like wtf??
  I hate that song Trina!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: s/o to the protest.... but will it be as packed tomorrow as it is today?
  consistency.... its not a one time thing...

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Mellie Grant ♥, : Thats stupid at my age.... I'm 30 days away from 25, I need to be working towards goals!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Chill Dauterive, for more places to study

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Mellie Grant ♥, : Lol, oh hush!! That was cool at 18-20, but not now!! Admit it.....
  Mellie Grant ♥, : Hence why you had a rebuttal to begin with, lol!!
  Mellie Grant ♥, : No I didn't.... You only proved my point, which is okay!!
  Mellie Grant ♥, : Awwe, your so sweet to me!!
  “Mellie Grant ♥: "In my mind," "I wish I wasn't," &amp; "Me Time" are my favorite Heather Headley songs.” "In My Mind"=Stalker anthem!!
  Mellie Grant ♥, : Just listen to those lyrics!!
  I found my fave nephew.... Ꭵ N Ꭰ Ꭵ Ꮹ Ꮕ ᏞᏫᏤᏋ !!
  “Kyle Ⓜ️urray: Watching the First Wives Club.. 😭😭😂😂😂😩😂😂” You don't own me....
  Ꭵ N Ꭰ Ꭵ Ꮹ Ꮕ ᏞᏫᏤᏋ, : Perched in this bed, supposed to be doin this paper, but.... How was work??
  @StonerHeaux, : I've seen you go off before!!
  Ꭵ N Ꭰ Ꭵ Ꮹ Ꮕ ᏞᏫᏤᏋ, : Lol, well I know what that mean.... How you been?? I missed you the last time you were here!!
  “amere .: Wait til you see my dick. Wait til you see my dick. Aye bitch!” You will never get enough....
  @StonerHeaux, : I'm supposed to be in NYC then, but if not, then definitely!! 😁
  Ꭵ N Ꭰ Ꭵ Ꮹ Ꮕ ᏞᏫᏤᏋ, : For good??
  Ꭵ N Ꭰ Ꭵ Ꮹ Ꮕ ᏞᏫᏤᏋ, : Oh, that's a good visit, ima see you this time!!
  Ꭵ N Ꭰ Ꭵ Ꮹ Ꮕ ᏞᏫᏤᏋ, : I'll make sure of it!!
  “Mellie Grant ♥: I know exactly what I need right now.” Cheesecake??
  Mellie Grant ♥, : I got you fatty!!
  Mellie Grant ♥, : Whose playin tho??
  Mellie Grant ♥, : Forreal, I got you!!
  Mellie Grant ♥, : When you want it??
  Mellie Grant ♥, : At 2 am tho????

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Johnny mad about this movie
  the idea I have for Chill Dauterive gift is bomb.... according to many sources

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Mellie Grant ♥: "Hidden Facts: In Atlanta, Georgia, there's a law that says you can't let your pubic hair grow past 6 inches."” 😳😳
  I'll be 25 in 32 days.... 😔😒
  “Número Uno ☝: My son's name will be "Champion". i can't wait...” I'm cool with it!! 😏
  This is a pony tail kinda day....
  Hope Doniven know we haven 4 kids!!

BEAR : Maaaaaan fxck a Sag... confused ass friendly pussy muh'fxckas.
  Me and Canterbury riding so lavish right now... Bugatti aint shxt! Lol.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Took me 3 tries, but I can only fuck with girls that can 1 up me!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I knew I wanted to go to Atlanta my freshmen year because I wanted to do mentorship and combat illiteracy rates Howard U. ASB 
  I had planned to do New Orleans but I gained so much from ASB atlanta... I still talk to my mentees from school..they in 6th grade! Howard U. ASB 

MEREDITH TRAY: D'Brickashaw, She's a very cold character. You end up feeling sorry for everyone around her.

KHIA: TeamKhia is some of the SEXIEST MF's on earth😘

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Got hit wit an ill "u better be at my probate tonight" .. guess I should go....

MEREDITH TRAY: So I discovered Phantogram.
  I guess this nigga just gone sleep all damn night.

BRO JACKSON: Le Petit Prince, NOT IF YOU BROKE!
  Tom TibbehTOE, I still don't think that can equal Mike Will playing “yeah hoe!" on any and every track lol
  Le Petit Prince, it's never about the gifts until you get laced up lol..should have seen the watch my lady got me last year
  True! RT Filth Pope™: Tom TibbehTOE Bro Jackson "haaan" don't exist fam?
  Tom TibbehTOE, Filth Pope™ category supposed to be 2013 only or nah?
  Le Petit Prince, one day..to make up for last year I'm basically about to drop like $300+ for my girl..that's easy though smh
  سكينة, not all of us are from GA Kinah lol
  Tom TibbehTOE, Filth Pope™ say that then was 2013 right? Because if so that's my next vote
  سكينة, chill.
  Le Petit Prince, yeah she is bro
  Le Petit Prince, slow down fam, you sound like my momma lol
  Le Petit Prince, yeah I guess lol

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Jhungle, : Fuck you mean last night?? I miss something??

BEAR : 6 a.m. - 10:15 p.m. I be killing it on Fridays!!!

BRO JACKSON: Skinny Luther , niggas expect you to transform into Dr. Phil when their shit gets rough

A NAME ABOVE ALL: The headache

THELONIUS SHAW: Catching fire was the fckn movie. Shyt was great.

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!!!
  Height. RT Julesy™: So what is your best physical feature?

KHIA: GatorMorning Team Khia!! You guys really know how to make me SMILE😊😘
  Prince_of_Utopia , Top of the year baby! I❤️The D

BEAR : Aint nobody said nun. I know Dre and Zack work but coming afterwards is an option. RT $tudent.: Wonder if @JD got that head count for me
  Greatest Villian Ever. RT Jones Debiase: Heath Ledger Joker still is the GOAT
  Jorice in the shower rapping EVERY lyric to "No Limit Soldier"... I dont know how I feel about this.
  ....even Mystikal verse. Shits amazing.
  Shot Immediately. RT Fact: Nicholas Cage once woke up to find a naked man eating a Fudgesicle in front of his bed.
  I think "Cameras" still my favorite song off Take Care...
  Day Trip.

MEREDITH TRAY: blood on the leaves. still.

BEAR : Only white folks eat stuffing. RT Courtney: Stuffing or dressing?

MEREDITH TRAY: "from the popular trees."
  I think the PC term is soft drink-ular trees RT Pope Jeffuhz I *soda-ular trees RT Meredith Tray: "from the popular trees."

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I need to see Layla Montgomery 
  At college park for Cold Fusion
  All I say is ...
  S/os to my fam not tellin me my grandmom is in the hospital. ....... ...... ..... ....

BEAR : I just wanna acknowledge all you D.Rose fans that said this was The Return... *laughs hysterically*
  On the cause of a fluke catch... RT Jay Hubb: Bruh Auburn is finna be in the Top 5.
  ....wait.... Florida lost to WHO!?

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This headache and the taste of mucus. ... look body
  Definitely agree RT Skinny Luther : J The Deerbra Hunter's waves are the tangible manifestation of God's amazing grace.
  Young GQ, I'm droppin out
  I'm drom out of school

THELONIUS SHAW: De'Jon Uchiha, but it was good tho

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Maryland Monrow ., General Patton. ♓ ummm wat yall thinking?
  Artistic females are the best
  Chase Jones, gon head and say it lol
  I need a nu... nvm ....
  Chase Jones, u not real! Lol
  Walked out of ColdFusion and me jazz bet jordan jeo and adam said in unison "the fuck" when we saw the snow
  Also «Maryland Monrow . that's why i gotta get a boo that no one knows»
  Chase Jones, are u?
  Why we playin..chase let me know when he first began his process
  Him: hypothetically speakin..how would u wanna be proposed to?  Me: ask the crew and ses
  Doc McStuffins, get out my mentions
  I've decided.... I'm marryin Chase Jones ... naw? Kool
  Maryland Monrow ., flower girl? Naw? Cool

MEREDITH TRAY: Jesus hammercy I can't stop listening to The Day You Died.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Dev is a horrible ass texter smh
  The news I heard *shouts down TL*
  Can it snow enough for no classes on Monday and Tuesday? Naw? Cool
  Ses should just recommend a nigga for this here peacock .... gone head lmao
  If J The Deerbra Hunter takes me paintin and then to chic fil a.... bruh I would marry him

MEREDITH TRAY: Lana Del Bae, pretty and perched.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This Sex before marriage conversation on my tl
  All I say is.... when is marriage? When are you really married? And don't say when you walk down the aisle
  That was a man made conception to physically represent the spiritual manifestation that happems. Eve ain't wear no white dress
  But I'm sleep ...

BEAR : *looks at scores of Top 25*....*looks at That Nigga * ...muh'fxcka.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This!!! «Maryland Monrow . now me personally, i'm not scared to be with one person. i'm scared of making the wrong choice.»

BRO JACKSON: Kellie.K.Momon , sorry phone was dead. Where is my plate? =)
  Kellie.K.Momon , I'm sure he did...
  So today I almost turned into somebody's daddy lol
  I was half a second away from snatching up this little girl because she stepped out of line
  My lady is sitting down by the computer the little girl was playing on before. This CHILD sees her and says move aside.
  Discipline your children before somebody else has to.
  Everybody that got in my mentions is nasty lol
  I'm YEARS away from fatherhood..y'all gotta chill
  Kellie.K.Momon , no you are not because I have no children.
  Kellie.K.Momon , you will NOT wish this upon me.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: J holiday a comedian

BRO JACKSON: Resident of Babylon, looking back at the tweet, I see how you thought that. But nah.
  You good bro RT Resident of Babylon Bro Jackson yeah I keep on forgetting that you're never adorned in filth lmao

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Markeas Banks. : My poor mom. Her son upstairs blasting Toni Braxton and playing in makeup. 😩” Awwe!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This «Maryland Monrow . i just wanna know what it's like to be courted. seems like fun. but i'm chillin»
  About this levian chocolate diamond commercial

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!!
  Smh. Thats the verb you gon use? RT Lil Miss P: My sister dragging me to church.... 😪
  Feb '09? RT Lil Miss P: @JD Not a liar... U have no idea how long it has been since I've been to ANY kind of religious service huh?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Bottom or top, it don't matter, you shouldn't be laying no where and not having your own shit just in case!!
  Lord knows I'm not where I would like to be at 25, but I'm almost there!!

BEAR : Take her too! She prolly aint been since 2010 either... RT Lil Miss P: Around what time... Supposed to b going to church. Ashley Monroe

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I'm still blown ... but as my big bro said..gotta let it go
  Yup y i don't have no hair «General Patton. ♓ Big hair is to women what beards are to men. Theyre nice but just doesnt work for everybody»
  I want a onesie
  I want some food!!!
  I just want that. ... oh clear your schedule for 9 months, I'm pregnant. ... text
  I want that call tho...

MEREDITH TRAY: Lana Del Bae, Cunty Boo Boo smfh damn shame
  Y'all just gone stay mad.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: U missed these cakes in my onesie lol

BEAR : ...this Tennessee Honey mixed with Fireball is just... perfect.

MEREDITH TRAY: Cunty Boo Boo, you always coming through
  I was really super rude just now, but I don't quite care yet.

BEAR : On the couch... watching Football... sipping this "Sweet Heat"... while Garlic Mushroom Chicken and Potatoes are being prepared for me.
  I'm Loved.
  Oh... "Sweet Heat" is the name I came up with for Fireball and Jack Daniels Tennessee Honey.
  Touch The Sky RT Tr3yton Manning: Spaceships RT @PatADamnFool: Kanye west best song is all falls down or through the wire

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Nun worse than an insecure ass bottom!!
  “breonte.: TBoz could've kept that outfit. And that hairdo she has had since Fanmail” I just wish she'd get a really cute bob!!
  breonte., : Her abs Chilli both rockin "Waterfalls" video hair tonight!!

MEREDITH TRAY: Why can't white people just be white? What is Katy doing?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: This the best I ever heard her sound live!!

MEREDITH TRAY: What is happening.
  That was not a tootsie roll, but ok

ISIAH D. COPELAND: That was easy!!

MEREDITH TRAY: Justin up there lying. Tell the truth.
  TLC is performing?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: So I forgot about housewives!!

MEREDITH TRAY: They look like they've been watching old BSB performances.
  KATY DO YOU FEEL THAT. IT'S A VOICE.
  They showed Ciara right after. That was shade.
  "Asian-inspired" that's a nice way to say it RT The Associated Press Katy Perry kicks off AMAs with Asian-inspired rendition of "Unconditionally"
  Wait a minute. Why is her hair wrapped?
  Imagine Dragons!!!!!
  Princeton Hernandez, they do that anyway in Albany
  I gotta come back next life as a stringy long-haired white guitarist in an alternative rock band.
  That was a really good performance!
  Taylor Swift is country?
  Michael Bolton still sing the pannie drawls off.
  What is Apollo doing?
  LMAO apparently white people aren't too happy about Taylor winning that country award.
  Um. Apollo. Sir.
  "If I wanted to sleep with her, I could have. But I didn't." Oh thanks, husband.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Let's hope this performance is as iconic as her career has been!!
  This wrap is fool.... Comb that shit out girl!!
  “Número Uno ☝: Rihanna you better give me vocals !!!!” You asking for a lot....
  Did she just scream????

MEREDITH TRAY: Life everlasting RT Pope Jeffuhz I: What on Earth is atop Rihanna's head.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: sometimes I hate that your documents don't show up on different computers the same way they show up on yours....

MEREDITH TRAY: So I recorded the AMAs just for Rihanna. Cuz I love her. I love her so much.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Jobie Battle.: I've been checking for you..only you.” luke.
  This my song tho....
  Jobie Battle., : Just expediting a few things!!
  Jobie Battle., : I have too, it would make me happy!! And imy too.... When yo ass coming back here??

MEREDITH TRAY: Don't put lemon in my sweet tea.

BEAR : "Olating"? RT That Nigga: @I_TUTOR_HOES_ BEAR  lol yeah he somewhere olating smokey the bear

A NAME ABOVE ALL: as I look up my instagram TL I see that every chapter of AKA had a line... congrats to all of them!

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Jobie Battle., : Deal, we gotta hang hard, it's been a year since I seen you!!

MEREDITH TRAY: Climb every damn mountain.
  Pope Jeffuhz I, getcho ass off my porch
  LET MILEY IN THE GAME
  "That's period power." I don't think metropcs thought that through.
  IS HE HARD?!
  Why....
  Oh! This song is not about sex?
  Oh Gaga. Oh God girl.
  Lizzie Labeija, she's saying the press can write or say whatever they want about her body but they can't have her brains.
  Gaga had her own three year old self setting the mood for sex with R Kelly though. I think that should've been private.
  But nobody said anything about that leather tent R Kelly pitched onstage.
  Pope Jeffuhz I, SEEMS LIKE HE'S READYYYYYY
  Lindsay OKeefe, smh she out here wildin
  Maybe TLC's special guest is their money.
  Imma giya some doo doo and lemme giya that pee pee
  If you're mad about the TLC tweet, I think you can @ Jesus about it.
  This is a real nice praise dance.
  how they gonna fill up them rav 4s RT Brokey McPoverty: i imagine pebbles standing off stage yelling '$25 FINE!!' in the style of ike turner
  Y'all. Lmfaoooooo

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Wtf Miley??

MEREDITH TRAY: If she's just singing a ballad, why didn't she just wear a gown and lip sync like a real diva?

BEAR : Fuck. Taylor. Swift.

MEREDITH TRAY: Pope Jeffuhz I, I think so
  Girl Taylor shut up forever
  Lemme go watch RiRi
  Lizzie Labeija, I'm watching on the dvr but try Perez. He'll have it up already

THELONIUS SHAW: Well DM package store bout 2 start buckling down on 21 ID. The police just gave citations to several gas stations,cloud 9, 255 and more

MEREDITH TRAY: What in the holy hell was nelly doing?!
  Rihanna came to an award show with her hair wrapped with diamond bobby pins though. How can you not love her?
  Not that dumb. I wanna see it. RT Pope Jeffuhz I: Family Guy killed Brian? That sounds stupid.
  Pope Jeffuhz I, lmfaooooooo
  *crown wrap of glory RT Murdy: Rihanna accepted a style icon award with head scarf hair.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Can Someone paint me something
  I advocate for males a lot
  Like I be like. ..dev ain't as aint shit as we think he is
  But that's cuz my frame of reference is different

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Cameron Clarkson, we have individual and society today? Or did she cancel?

BEAR : Oh... finally saw "Now You See Me" last night. Doooooooope!
  I've never believed in that "Him" and "Her" shxt... just says you want to claim something you either can't, or scared to.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Cameron Clarkson, I would ask if you could sign me I'm but that would be ratchet

BEAR : Soooo this Heisman race...
  Told y'all AJ was gon go to New York. Aint gon win, but he'll go.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Cameron Clarkson, thanks cam. Its jen hill (in case u forget smh)

BEAR : The ONLY way that happens is they arrest Jameis... or realize they hate Freshman. RT Sam Shakusky: BEAR  nah, he got it
  Oregon players actually said they dont wanna go to a bowl game unless its for the BCS Title... and played like they could give two fxcks.
  Sam Shakusky, Im content with AJ going. I wouldn't talk about it if he won tho... he didnt flat out win it. I think he deserves to go tho.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: The only way life can be grand is if each side of every situation is seen
  But I ain't got no man so.... yeah
  Got the illest idea ...

BEAR : Bruh.... How tho?! RT Sam Shakusky: I'm really embarrassed at that. Like...that's why you wear jerseys
  Lmaoooooooooo RT Sam Shakusky: BEAR  man I don't know. I want everybody fired though. even the players

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I need to stay off Facebook

KARLITO CLARK: Charla Boveland, who is yall. Im a Christian.
  Charla Boveland, thats my grandfather duh. &amp; he been giving me coffee since a baby..
  “Charla Boveland: Karlito Clark bahahaha I'm pretty sure that's unhealthy”&lt;-oh of course but he ain't care

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Yup im droppin out «UberFacts The average yearly salary for a stripper is about $125,000.»

KARLITO CLARK: It's 80 degrees in my house. If I die it's because I'm in this heat box of a house.
  Chill Dauterive, see the way my Grandpaw house is set up lol.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Young GQ, Vlade Unas damn..
  And my mood today has been blown.... -____-

KARLITO CLARK: No matter how much I try to relax when I'm home I kant. Going to the park to work out some kids.
  Chill Dauterive, kant argue w/ you there Nupe lol
  I just know deep down inside I want to Coach. That's why I give up my time to make these kids better.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Karlito Clark, Chill Dauterive no no no he can't die... he's ... too pretty....

KARLITO CLARK: That awkward moment there is no toilet tissue In the bathroom 😫😫
  Walk in my damn room &amp; a damn dog is just chilling in my room. I can't take this house.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: In cook... hungry... and poor... smh ..
  If I can say 2013... the whole year... was just a year of playin my life to the furthest of lefts. like God has an incredible sense of humor

KARLITO CLARK: Cliff C. Hunt II , it's an amazing feeling bro lol

THE ABSTRACT.: it must suck to be Derrick Rose or a Bulls fan right now.

KARLITO CLARK: “P. Hills: I don't feel like researching, but are there any black general managers of any professional sports teams?”&lt;-Yes.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Our ambassador group me!!!!! Lawwwddddd hammercy
  Money., u takin the final today?
  Money., imma take the abbreviated graduating senior one...
  Ambassador groupme bout the shadiest groupme

MEREDITH TRAY: David Ruffin really sang a song about how he had to defend his ugly girlfriend because she was a good person, though. Y'all been petty.
  Cunty Boo Boo, RIGHT.

KARLITO CLARK: This Hooters bout be so clutch.

BEAR : That Blue Beats Pill Speaker commercial? Lmaoooooooooo!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Except DC«General Patton. ♓ Soo its just gone snow damn near everywhere in the country..oh»
  Please for my sanity«Chill Dauterive I really have to start listening to ppl and stop being hardheaded.»
  Mind u the ish dev tells me... I still don't be listenin to... *gets self out from corner of sorrow* lmao

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Cigaretts are disgusting, therefore if you smoke them, you are disgusting!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: ready to walk down the aisle in all white.. and dedicate my life to you
  baby tell me.. can u live wit it? loving me for life?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “┼  Deshun ┼ : I have no clue what I'm doing for thanksgiving since I won't be with my family this year.....” I got yo plate!!
  “Skinny Luther : Next time I get drunk, twitter is getting a video of me doing "I Won't Complain".” Don't tease my soul!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: my mom calls me to tell me its snowin in nashville
  she also asked how me and my new family ( J The Deerbra Hunter ) is spending Thanksgiving... coon

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Skinny Luther , : I just wish I was the fly on the organ pipes in King Chapel!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: General Patton. ♓, will forever be the song that brings me to tears
  Still Say Thank You has sentimental value to me

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “amere .: I'm ready to settle down.” Finally!! 😏

KARLITO CLARK: Man they had this fine Dominican thang at Hooters 👌🙌

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Chill Dauterive, T'Challa Mandigo, MD THIS!!!!!!!

KARLITO CLARK: But she was stuck up. Why "some" pretty girls SO stuck up...
  I kall her Thirst Trap Shawty!!
  Man this Delta probate bout be something serious today.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Jeff bout to find his wife? Naw?
  Had a combo with jeff boyt his future wife
  He'll find her.... they gone all be there.I'm sure one willhave light skin and curly hair
  So u can finesse m... nvm «Chill Dauterive I really hope I'm in shape by next semester cause if not...lord help us all»

WOO: Have uall ever seen a pretty girl in team jordans? 😂. The blow
  Sparks will fly
  Baby, y don't u spend the night.... Darling, I don't wanna wake up n u are not by my side
  She keeps talking to me cuz she knows I'm her friend.... But I can't hearing it over n over again.
  If u need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen.... I'm thru fuckin wit these b$&amp;Helgi Þorbjörnsson ass b&amp;@$?es
  Carter 4

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Samsonite Man, no mr. And mrs. Crews

WOO: Good leg workout.

THELONIUS SHAW: Not gon lie. It's cold as hell and I would really like to cuddle sooo...Yea

MEREDITH TRAY: Cunty Boo Boo, Lana Del Bae TriggaTray28/CSO well congratulations to him lol

WOO: Gotta get me a beanie and a scarf. And some gloves. Fuck this shit lol

KARLITO CLARK: These Iotas better be deep in here.
  Maryland Monrow ., kause they lame. Trust my judgment. lol

BEAR : Get THE FOH RT UberFacts Men are more interested in dating women who are taken while women are more likely to respect a man’s relationship.
  Bruh.... you going here? RT Bo Billingsley: It's plenty of auburn girls that eat ass. Dont let em fool ya

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Samsonite Man, me too!!! Dr. And Dr. Crews.... that's schmexxi

KARLITO CLARK: Some what of a chill night...

BEAR : Most Alabama fans chilling... Auburn fans are going HARD for the two years they couldn't talk shxt. That humbling will be SO real.
  Just know... I WILL be a COMPLETE asshole at the end of the 4th and Alabama comes out with the W.
  I hate this part... its like right after the rising action... and you know the movie is going to end soon.
  ...or its when you look down at your plate and you have one bite left... all you want is more... the sequel... seconds...
  ....Addiction.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This is comedy
  What's J The Deerbra Hunter  doin... I got some comedy to tell him.... COMEDY!

KARLITO CLARK: “Mackiavelli ♔: when your nerves are tingling under your skin and it kinda feels like an itch but its not?.just me? lol”&lt;-felt all day lol

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!!!

KARLITO CLARK: Morning World
  No person should ever feel this way.
  “Doc McStuffins: Karlito Clark lmao it's too early.”&lt;-lmao never. It's gonna be this all day so watch out
  J The Deerbra Hunter, Good Luck today bro..
  “Doc McStuffins: Karlito Clark oh gawd! u must be in a good mood lol”&lt;-Ehh sure you kan say that. More like no hold bars type feel
  No one person should have all that power..
  I shoulda brought my PS3 home. Idk what the heck I was thinking by not doing such.
  I just realized I didn't see not a single AKA last night @ the probate. Kinda broke my heart.

WOO: These two girls are so annoying lol. And they know who they are 😩😂

KARLITO CLARK: “Robyn De La Silvia: "Karlito Clark: No one person should have all that power.." good morning :)”&lt;-we beefing.
  Pops said I'm learning. All I could say was something like that.

WOO: Y'all ain't real 😂😂😂😂 RT Jess. : Y'all gonna stop getting at me and Sharese Nicole  lmao 😡

KARLITO CLARK: Morning Coffee &amp; movie w/ pops this morning [Zoro].
  “Mackiavelli ♔: Karlito Clark see smh”&lt;-oh yeah it's real sadly. Smh
  “Doc McStuffins: i wanna go skating...and laser tagging...and paintballing...”&lt;-bruh take me take me lol
  “General Patton. ♓: First yall men saying ladies legs not right. Now this. Yall so gay its not even funny”&lt;-they gay cause she can have my children
  This weather is to nasty down here.

WOO: U see the trap straight ahead but ur so blinded by what's beyond it, u just keep going. Closer n closer to the trap.
  This rain is messing up what I need to do today.

KARLITO CLARK: Man I remember I was going to Walgreens w/ some friends going get condoms when I heard the news
  I like how my pops def looking in Jet magazine and went straight to the Beauty of the Month. Smh
  “Kellie.K.Momon : Karlito Clark pops is a thug! Lol”&lt;-ehhh. Not really.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I just saw a thing about girls ASKING to be raped??? -_____- *logs off*

KARLITO CLARK: Pops talking bout he wanna get down to 175lb. Sir you 52yrs of age. If you drop down to that you gonna look sick.
  Why pops made me stand up to see what he use to look like. Smh.

GUCCI VALENTINE: I'm so ready for Hanukkah, bruh. RNS.

KARLITO CLARK: My dad said he don't drink Jack Daniels. Bruh I almost lost it.

BEAR : This rain is so inconvenient... considering I'm in it all day today.

KARLITO CLARK: My dad said he wanted to be a boxer but then he realized how pretty he was and changed his mind. Smh.
  I swear a fat azz will distract a man from doing what he suppose do originally
  Charla Boveland, well my pops was looking @ one and he almost walked into the wrong building so *shrug*
  This shrimp PO-Boy &amp; crab is about be amazing.

WOO: Lemme be the one call when it's time to be a..... 📞📞📞📞🔊🔊🔊🔊
  😳 RT Jess. : I want that man... I really do 😂
  Girl u got me fucked up 😒 RT Jess. : Woo needs to unfollow me
  Women have insurance policies
  All good things come to an end. So be aware and enjoy as much as u can

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Political theoey final was.....it just was

WOO: Don't get caught up n that shit
  Jess. , oh nah.... Original day and time. U excited or nah? And u off.... What we doing? 😁
  How much cardio will I do frida
  Man I'm not bouta entertain this shit lol
  I swear all sippy cups are laced with Some kinda sleeping potion. 😂

KARLITO CLARK: Mad a 96 on my presentation.

WOO: I'm at the mall seeing too many 48 month old kids in strollers

ALIEN ARTIST: "This is not very festiiive!" 😤

BEAR : Smh... most Auburn fans thats doing all the talking females. Escaped from the kitchen ass females.
  ...but your bio say TeamAlabama TeamWarExgle. RT E Omere: Fuck Bama n All they fans!

MEREDITH TRAY: Kanye is so unapologetically confident and I love it.

BRO JACKSON: I HATE BEING SICK!

BEAR : Im in Pell City. I should be off at 6 tho. RT That Nigga: BEAR  cuz, I got off at 3, what up!
  E Omere, bruh if yeen tryna put some money up. Sit the fxck down.

BRO JACKSON: I'm feeling frail as hell
  I remember that story RT Kellie.K.Momon : A.  I had my ex driving down the one way on spring street once! Lol it was ALLL bad

MEREDITH TRAY: "When you got money can't nobody fire you."

BRO JACKSON: “What is pussy, money, weed for 1000 Alex?" RT coop.: oh yes, I love her like.....
  Chill Dauterive, see that was so unnecessary. Twitter don't need that story bruh lol

MEREDITH TRAY: And these pea brained ass minions on here trying to talk Kanye out of his message

BRO JACKSON: Young OG, coop. we can agree on that

BEAR : I hate I gotta work Saturday... I wanna be in Hooter's.
  Shxt sad. RT Elite Ratchetness : Me too :( RT BEAR : I hate I gotta work Saturday... I wanna be in Hooter's.

EASY EARLY: All I my Caribbean girls dem...
  Tenn Peaches, Esteban Ruiz Dolemite Jr wack sex, 3 year old, and stayin wit the bastards that hate me? Fuck Portia..
  Real nigga “Bath Salt Sally: I always double park”
  Well that's anti climatic “DANIELLE: Easy Early hah I'm dressed now”
  Cuzzo I'm RTing this to say FUCK NO “ Minato  波風ミナト: RT if you give a fuck bout my problems. Im tryna see something right quick”
  KNB., my arm?
  Way too many jokes that could be made. I'll leave u alone tonight. “S.G.: I want something sweet”
  S.G., wait no I won't. U WANT THESE CHOCOLATE COVERED NUTS????
  Courtney Simpson, what is a Christmas angel
  Courtney Simpson, sign me up
  S.G., no good? I'm losing my flare. I gotta do better

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: It's an unfortunate thing. I'm just being realistic on the matter. I'm also a cynic so that could be a part of my belief of that as well.
  Welcome to Dot!, yes. If just the black and/or Latin@ community objects to it, it'll be seen solely as a race issue and ignored
  I want to be mad at the French Consulate for stereotyping my city and my neighborhoods like it did, but as long as residents do it too...
  Not sure I can be.
  But I do think it would be absolutely hysterical and a great comeback to do as Mr. Forry suggested and invite them to the Haitian parade.
  Welcome to Dot!, indeed. We agree on this. It would have to be a coalition of all groups who reside in the neighborhoods
  Welcome to Dot!, not if, but when haha. It will come, and soon! On the terms of residents. ALL of Boston benefits. Rising tide lifts all boats!

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: That shit is beautiful
  I'm so serious the day I find happiness with a significant other, I don't want to hear a word about how you had/have feelings for me

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I really just am all for letting Florida secede though.
  Can't wait for the blog pieces condemning folks for caring about Vanessa Van Dyke asking if we'd care if she were dark or not cute.
  Valid questions. I'm just not here for them.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: That fact might save someone's life one day
  Idk what I'm still on campus there's nothing for me here

BEAR : I only watched 9 minutes of that Kanye interview... what happened to Graduation Ye? I don't even know who this nigga is anymore.
  Swag. RT Her.: Who eats McFlurries while its cold af outside? THIS GUY.

WOO: Stay sad brah... OLS 4-6? RT Joe Budden: Pain makes the best music. Just so u know. RT Donnie : Gotta let that hurt go G Joe Budden

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "The only way we get to be post-racial is the same way were post-dinosaur. A meteor has to come and replace America." - W. Kamau Bell

BEAR : Air Force? Lmao! She cant shoot a gun let alone a pistol. RT @I_TUTOR_HOES_ Kee Kee gon send missiles at hoes. never date an Air Force chick
  ...*blank stare*...

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Look at the beautiful Michelle Alexander on this documentary!

BEAR : Air Force is like the secretary of the Armed Forces RT @I_TUTOR_HOES_: BEAR  LOL, probably can't forreal
  Bruh... she named her good qualities and said edges... TF!? RT Tecia: LMFAO, mann here you go RT BEAR : ...*blank stare*...

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I must say, I'm glad this documentary didn't end with Obama's '08 election.

BEAR : I knw a girl that served 6 yrs in the Marines... she'll give your girl that WORK. RT @I_TUTOR_HOES_ @JD Lol, lay off my favorite branch bro

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Yep. Gonna get drunk tonight. Fuck it.
  Soon as I get to the crib I'm taking shots to the head

BEAR : Well the trip there isnt life threatening... now surviving there? Different Story. RT Divine• ماريان بيترز: Anyways made it safe to Chicago :)
  ...everybody that has confidence in Auburn dont wanna bet no money.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Life is Beautiful" is now available on Netflix. Goodnight folks.

MEREDITH TRAY: That poor girl. Ugh. That punch made me sick.
  Murdy, You are mistaken.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: National Association for the Advancement of Instagram Videos wasted no time strapping those moral ass capes on.
  "OMG YALL WATCHING THE VIDEO? WHY YALL AIN'T LOG INTO IG AND HELP HER??" -- Twitter Activists

MEREDITH TRAY: Don't hit me. I'll sue you and take your fists. I'm serious.

BEAR : Jordan Lynch got HOW many yards rushing!?!?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Jessicuh. , at least her micros gon be fye.
  Every girl I ever knew who went to juvie came out with the freshest fucking micros......
  D. Shade, accurately described. that's how you should feel.
  Nakoa Wolf, a step in the right direction, but....... vodka???? my soul is sniffling right now.
  Gonna ask my momma for a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle for Christmas. Hopefully she just buys it without price checking.
  D. Shade, you still mad cuz i'm darker than you. you gotta let this go.
  Bitchie Incognito, make sure your voice is in it.
  Bitchie Incognito, you can read the classifieds to Michael Vick. two birds, one stone.
  Nakoa Wolf, you could've at least did silver tequila. i feel like you would really like 1800 Coconut. shit is bomb w/ some pineapple juice.
  I really wanna make a drink but I know it's gon create some problems with getting up early tomorrow. *retrieves ice cubes*

ALIEN ARTIST: I am Him, Heeeey! *winks like I know you*
  ✌DaVail WesTon✌, How you?
  Chef RoZsay, Isn't it horrible when you come to terms with the fact that they just had no idea what they were saying?
  I am Him, lol Do I get a pass for obsessing over you on here the other day?
  Zsay's haircut is clean af! 😩 Bitches gone be hate'nnnn!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: D. Shade, you really mad that i learned how to make the system work for me??? tsk tsk, nigga. tsk tsk.

ALIEN ARTIST: I am Him, lol Long as I don't get a death stare from you.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: J  I  Λ, OKAY JIA THATS ENOUGH.

ALIEN ARTIST: ✌DaVail WesTon✌, I'm lovely! 😁

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Nakoa Wolf, YUCK i can only drink aged tequilas in margaritas.
  D. Shade, this conversation is over.
  Nakoa Wolf, i like my tequila to taste like alcohol. not like old lawn clippings.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: For all the people who consider me a friend I thank you because without you all I probably wouldn't be here

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Glad I learned how to self-filter. This alcohol had me bout to tweet some shit I didn't need to.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Just me and my music and this bottle

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Nakoa Wolf, i like it margaritas. i hate it in (strong) mixed drinks where you can taste it. silver mixes better.
  D. Shade, i'm not about to reveal my secrets so you can walk around this bitch darker than me. fuck outta here.
  Yung Cellulite, shouldn't you be laying down (underneath some dick) somewhere??

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Olivia Oxford, I got a new phone DM me

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Her mother really named her Sharkeisha.....

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Olivia Steen, oh word
  Idk when I started drinking straight from a bottle but I'm sure it was a bad time in my life
  Gonna listen to Kid Cudi drunk and see how that goes

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Crissle just talked me out of making a cheesecake.
  Shoulder EDMRider, .........................
  Kitch, haters have taken several rogue forms in 2013.

THELONIUS SHAW: I want one so damn badly.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Nakoa Wolf, my.......... experience??
  *uninstalls Skype on all devices*
  Maybe she meant "My dressing is done (fighting the struggles of this cruel world)"
  Nakoa Wolf, when you round the rest of these niggers up let me know. and Crissle is sick, just FYI
  Nakoa Wolf, stuffing = in the bird = WHITE. dressing is it's own separate side = black black blackkkkkk.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Why must it feel so wrong when I try and do right?
  Slayaaa , wayyyyy ahead of you
  A third of this bottle is gone. I'm shooting for half
  Slayaaa , Remy all the way

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Welcome to the club. RT Lana Del Bae: I asked mama if I can have my degree (lol) for my apartment and she said “…it’s mine.”
  Last time I saw my degree was the ride home from my graduation dinner.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Slayaaa , I don't do the mexican toilet water unless it's with orange juice
  She needs to get her life smh
  Young Yoda, because then...nvm

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Chill out. You from Oz, not Bankhead. RT Jessicuh. : BANKHEAAAADDDD

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I gain a greater appreciation for Kanye after each and every interview he does.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I'm here. Just waiting. For what? Idk.
  This wave right now feels great
  I hate when people just say something to say it
  I can still make coherent thoughts.....gotta keep going

ALIEN ARTIST: Iconic Bae, Always. 😊

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Got my answer
  Say what you mean, and mean what you say
  Pretty tipsy
  Gotta love auto correct

ALIEN ARTIST: “CHRISTOPHÉR: Jesus is a love song, you can call him in the morning and even in the midnight hour.” THE jam!
  Lady Gaga RT a$ap tra$hy.: 3. If you were a Pokémon, who would you be?

MEREDITH TRAY: Cunty Boo Boo, idk girl I lost count
  Cunty Boo Boo, ya know what? Amen. I'm so thankful for this.
  Idk why everyone is so weirded out by Kanye's defensiveness. Like it's unwarranted.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Lysha tweeting with her clitoris again.

MEREDITH TRAY: Raise your hand if you want to hear Sway tell you how to do life though.
  "But can you take that hat off though?"

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Tamar has a Christmas album?? Let me go to iTunes and find something else to buy that's not that.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: im almost done with this
  I just need another color...

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Eleanor Rigby, she know.
  No More Sheets makes me wanna be a preacher. Juanita checked every chin in that congregation. Biblically. And made perfect sense.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Chill Dauterive, black and gold

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Using the Bible to tell a church full of women "HEY HOES.... STOP BEING TRASH" is like a lifelong dream of mine.
  I'm bout to go enroll in seminary.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Nigga. What am I doing here?
  Ciroc Berry and cranberry juice. My nigga

EASY EARLY: About this conference call in 4 hours tho...

A NAME ABOVE ALL: so I decided on what the color...
  Skinny Luther , and I gotchu
  everybody have a jhill custom piece? except dev... he don't deserve shit
  can someone promise me that if they receive a gift from me ... they will cry?? no??? kay :((
  Maryland Monrow ., yes...... am I asking for a lot?
  I don't mean ball out in a corner ..like one thug tear.., geez

ALIEN ARTIST: The way Finnick was drinkin that water &gt;&gt;&gt;

A NAME ABOVE ALL: and on the 12th hour and the 12th minute... I completed
  allergies... we just don't believe you
  Maryland Monrow ., it is.... is a sniffle substitutable?
  Chill Dauterive, jwhite is not here
  crying to finding nemo is understandable... he was LOST nigga LOST!!!!! his daddy wanted him so bad... bruuhhhh sad
  have to say... this was one of my fav pieces to do

ALIEN ARTIST: IG: TheRealCeedro, This avi of yours &gt;&gt;
  IG: TheRealCeedro, You're welcome!
  Tugging on the screen has some hilarious effects on twitter.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Maryland Monrow ., thanks ses

ALIEN ARTIST: CBM, Who wouldn't?

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Chill Dauterive, every night and yet... here we are... wide ass awake.. I gotta work le desk at 8am.... to 4pm....
  Maryland Monrow ., from one artist to another.. I am honored! thanks hunny!

ALIEN ARTIST: CBM, Well I doooo 😩
  AJaYThaGreaT, Good morniiing!
  “CBM: My mom just scared TF out of me her short self.” lmaoooo

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Good night fam

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!!
  Bruh... Jordan Lynch had over 300 yards.
  RUSHING!!!

WOO: Good morning to all.
  Yooooo. It is cold as hell outside.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: GUESS WHAT DAY IT IS?!?!?!?!?! 🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫🐪🐫
  Happy Hump Day morning to all of you, my friends! And best wishes for a safe journey to all who are headed home for a warm holiday!
  Rashad R. Moore, hahaha yes it is! It's actually been fried chicken week for me =(

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Victoria, u comin home???

WOO: Nah.... Just stop bein fast 😂 "Sharese Nicole  If yo girl only knew"
  I know. You're tired. Of loving. Of loving. With nobody to love.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: AJ, it was a joke AJ, you can relax lol
  The Love Queen , I'm assuming you don't want this breakfast because you're not responding...
  AJ, we gotta polish our comedian side up a bit hahahahaha

WOO: Exactly RT Slum Dog Millionare: I never believe when people miss me unless they make an effort to see me otherwise its just words
  Ima be real.... Don't believe shit I say. Believe my actions.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Getting ready for the Annual Goodwill Thanks-for-Giving Celebration at the Goodwill HQ starting soon!

BEAR : Word. RT That Nigga: BEAR  said bruh there ain't many of us. I said less is more, nigga, there's plenty of us!

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Wifi so fast at home idk what to do with myself......

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Twitter saints. Y'all ain't real lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Somebody said Sharkeisha's dad is named Whaledarius....💀💀💀 I quit life. I'm done.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I feel like trash right now.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: It's freezing.....my knee is acting up again....everybody cares about D.Rose...what about me? 😔

THELONIUS SHAW: The Maroon Tiger, guess he left right before they ran out of food huh?
  Mr.FinessHer , what u going hunting for?

BEAR : Lmao! Where you read this again at? RT Her.: "I'm from a place that use starch." @JD. I'm over here in fucking tears. Niggggaaaaaaa.

THELONIUS SHAW: Mr.FinessHer , so clearly if you don't catch anything all y'all eating tomorrow is side dishes huh?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Fighting is overrated. Let's wrestle instead. I gotta go to work the next day.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Niggas hate comparative studies. Criticize but they hate to be criticized. I love comparative studies.
  Charlamagne Tha God, that's not what you told kanye

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Sharkeisha v. Jaide....who wins?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: That Phonebloks idea is actually kinda dope. *contiunes using iPhone, forever*

ALIEN ARTIST: My Mom is annoying tf outta me. Love her dearly, but DAMN! 👉💺
  力Brandon Green, Absolutely. 🙏

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: It could all be so simple. But you'd rather make it hard

ALIEN ARTIST: James B. Pratt, Jr., lol You don't understand how it is to live with her. She's better than most Moms though. I believe THAT.
  Sing, Queen Justine!

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: But enough of that. This concert last night though. I go to a decent amount of shows but that right there...
  That's really what it is. I need the people around me to think differently. Like closed minded thinking will keep you in the same place.

ALIEN ARTIST: James B. Pratt, Jr., Indeed. But living among mortals like my younger brother has inhibited her a bit.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Niggas don't become great from thinking like the next nigga. Or everyone would be great.

KARLITO CLARK: Morning World

ALIEN ARTIST: Malachi - 10/12, You, sir... are a hero.
    Queen Justine, Yeeees! Hair all to one side with a blossom in it!

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Kanye made perfect sense to me. He was tryna inform us about the industry. I kinda feel like he's saying too much, actually

KARLITO CLARK: “A Name Above All: Mornin jeff «Karlito Clark Morning World»” &lt;-Hello buddy

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: You don't get different things by doing the same shit.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Karlito Clark, how are u on this here mownin?

KARLITO CLARK: “A Name Above All: Karlito Clark how are u on this here mownin?”&lt;-feeling good feeling great. How are you.
  Wonder what today has planned for me.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: The informed always sound "crazy" to the uninformed   ie. Kanye

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Karlito Clark, tired stayyed up all night painting. ..mistake now

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Refuse ignorance Refuse disrespect Refuse mediocrity   Your minds have been raped over and over by these things because you didn't refuse.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: My mom is so petty....I'm definitely her child....
  Morena Reina, so true 👑

BEAR : Fuck No and Hell No RT Lorredroc Sirrah II: Is Auburn's offense better than TAMU's with a healthy Manziel and is AU's defense better than LSU?

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: JamesGardin!, he's passionate. Just don't express in the common manner.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I'm not even an arguer, but I feel compelled to start and argument so I can drop these Kanye quotes

KARLITO CLARK: “A Name Above All: Karlito Clark tired stayyed up all night painting. ..mistake now”&lt;-that smh moment lol

WOO: This flight is getting bumpy smh
  Ay M.  thank you 😁 lol
  I hate turbulence man. Fuuuuuck
  M. , just watched the first episode of blacklist. 👏👏
  M. , lol. Ok cool. Ima watch them this week. The first episode was def good tho. Especially the shit about her husband.
  M. , nah don't tell me. Lol. I missed this weeks. I gotta watch it when I get off this plane 😩

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: WHAT'S THE NAME OF YOUR CLOTHING LINE?!   WE DON'T KNOWWW.

WOO: "Baby I just landed, u gon pick me...." *2 Chainz voice*

ISIAH D. COPELAND: This girl can keep throwing out hints, but you ain't getting no money from me!

WOO: Oohh Dinner on yooooou!!!! RT Jess. : Hella forgot it was pay day
  Everybody thirsty. Not just dudes. Y'all be tryna play us. Females the thirstiest creatures

EASY EARLY: "Wtf is gluten free? Dude told me gluten free and I asked how long was he locked up"

WOO: Brick by brick

KARLITO CLARK: Checking your account &amp; realize you have more then you thought &gt;&gt;

WOO: M. , what day and channel does blacklist come on?

KARLITO CLARK: I need to start making trips to other places then coming home each time for a holiday.

BEAR : Roland Green, im at work big bro. You already off?

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: What a long and fulfilling day this has been and it's not even close to being over yet

BEAR : Its a nigga over here on Oporto-Madrid in an Army Fatigue Kilt... a Kilt... my nigga...
  Roland Green, bruh you go thru phones like napkins...
  Word!? Yeeed!! RT Betty Ann's Daughter: Fam calling me &amp; asking what is Jonathan's liquor and soda preference?! Didn't ask me what I wanted... Smh
  You mad? RT Betty Ann's Daughter: BEAR  😒😒😒 lol
  Jorice talmbout me getting a liquor choice is extravagant... like my Grandma aint gon have her a personal Sweet Potato Pie. Personal.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Be safe out there folks. I've heard nothing but ambulance and fire engine sirens all day. Drive carefully.

BEAR : Purchase a bottle of liquor &lt; MAKE a Sweet Potato Pie... from scratch...
  Trip to ABC... Open Bottle &lt; Trip to Grocery store... combine ingredients... prepare pie... bake pie
  Wait what? RT Lil Miss P: @JD Betty Ann's Daughter get her a "freakum dress" so we can do this challenge, get sexier, and have celebratory drinks

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: This traffic is crazy man. And it's all due to the fact that we all waited til the day before to shop for thanksgiving.

BEAR : The hell a dress got to do with a challenge? RT Lil Miss P: BEAR  u read right sir....

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Where I stopped reading. RT alex: I love detroit women.

BEAR : ....Oh..... ok. RT Lil Miss P: BEAR  before n after pics... N then we wearing them out.... 😁

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Bitchie Incognito, this is trash and you're better than this.
  That Deadspin pie chart is an abomination. And it all started with the rhubarb.

BEAR : You want a dress? RT Betty Ann's Daughter: Lol!!!!! RT BEAR : ....Oh..... ok. RT Lil Miss P: BEAR  before n after pics... 😁
  You realize who you're talking to right? RT Betty Ann's Daughter: You can pick it! RT @JD: You want a dress? RT @LNO05: Lol!!!!!
  Oh. You'll be alright. RT Lil Miss P: BEAR  bruh... Fck u... She had a baby n had stretch marks n loose skin.... I hate u now.
  See her in it when I get ready if Im buying it RT Lil Miss P: @JD Betty Ann's Daughter it better b sexy.... It's call a "freakum dress" challenge
  I swear a new challenge come out every other Wednesday seem like... they're starting to be like trending topics. Im cool with this one tho.
  Jorice let me pick out a dress... its gon show AWL her bosom. With a spilt to her thigh. Yes Lawd.

BRO JACKSON: Yemi, Obito Cuchiha I saw the video but that wasn't the least bit funny to me

BEAR : Thank YOU. RT Skinny Luther : Allow me to take up a love offering for you. RT BEAR : Purchase liquor &lt; MAKE a Sweet Potato Pie...
  Well that was dumb... RT instagram :: Damn they saying that sharkiesha girl committed suicide
  Ok heres how bullshxt my days be...

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Your son wanna be me so bad. RT Cornan The Gladiator: Asked my son what he wanted for dinner he said "lobster tail and crab legs" he's 6 WTF

BEAR : My only task was to go to Anniston... didnt leave until 1:30 and now we just now going up I-20 because we had 3 bullshxt stops first.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Any SpelHouse folks spending the holiday tomorrow in Boston away from home should let me know. Thanks.

BEAR : On top of that... we got Jim &amp; Nick's catering our Employee Dinner... which starts at 4.
  .....smh......
  Always get hit first when cameras present... at least thats what they told me when I was a School Resource Officer. THEN fxck them up.
  Jacinta M., Sooooo your house?
  Jacinta M., Sooooo you sharing?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Quite a bit of struggle in that picture, but ima let y'all cook.

WOO: Dang man lol. Aight RT M. : Woo Monday at 10. NBC. Same as Hostages

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: KING AKIN, is fed up lmao....slick speaking the truth tho

MEREDITH TRAY: We gotta get pecan pie outta here.
  Murdy, wtf I want with a pie topped with cockroach backs in a molasses glaze?

EASY EARLY: Somebody please tell this nigga Benzo Scott to get a phone that works

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: IG be gettin y'all caught up....can't help but laugh

WOO: 12 play. 4th quarter. I like to Mike Jordan em
  Jess gon tell me bout some Miami shit lmao. She don't know Miami ain't real life?! lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Light Yagami , you're very wise

MEREDITH TRAY: Pope John III, I'll be making some after finals!

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: That's why I chuckle when women overly praise men and say what they would NEVER do. People are inherently flawed. No one is perfect
  That's my bestie. That's lil sis. RT “Nicholas Styles: "Oh, nahhhhh. She's just the homie."”
  kingRAINEE.♥, heyyyy 👋
  Gotta play it safe on IG. Nothing but selfies, group pics, and school stuff

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Kanye is saying what everyone else is afraid to say.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Ares, lmfao. Relax sir. Relax.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Skylar Cruz, are you home for thanksgiving?

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: If you can't support yourself, lose some weight. My God that's a word.
  “Alexus : Kenneth Harris, II "Liberty 5-3000.: Roman* “Sensei. : This bass guitarist is gonna be my baby daddy.”"” My nigga lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Y'all bout to be fat like y'all ain't never been fat before. Happy holidays.

KARLITO CLARK: I really wanna go see the Best Man Holiday my treat. Only problem is I have no one to treat.

WOO: I need a red bull

KARLITO CLARK: Bought my favorite girls beignets and hot chocolate last night.
  So clearly I'm in the spending mood. So ppl might wanna strike while the oven is hot.
  Maya A. Jones, no you in the wrong state lol
  Chill Dauterive, What big bruh?
  Robyn De La Silvia, whelp sucks for you doesn't it.
  “Maya A. Jones: Karlito Clark It's not my fault! I already have to tag to a friend &amp; his family out here for Thanksgiving 😔 lol”&lt;-do better lol

BEAR : Since my last tweet... my day went to complete shxt.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: P. Hills, you're the only one for me

WOO: Oh please.... Don't be posting pics of ya ugly relatives tomorrow.

KARLITO CLARK: Skinny Luther , why it gotta be all that

BEAR : Supposed to be eating BBQ... getting ready to clock out and see my Queen... but nawl. Had to go to fxcking Anniston. LATE.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: P. Hills, let me see that pension receipt then

ALIEN ARTIST: STYLE, This avi of yours is so wondweful.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Haitians...are being...ethnically cleansed...in...the Dominican Republic.

MEREDITH TRAY: Skinny Luther , Cunty Boo Boo I SAID IT

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I just...can't understand the mindset of a human being to hate another human being or beings so much that they'd find ways to justify this.
  P. Hills, I'll take your word if you take mine =)
  Someone should tell Precious I'd make all her dreams come true. Except finding a tall husband. I'm not a magician.
  I await to see how my government reacts to the dreadful behavior toward Haitians by the Dominican Republic. I hope not to wait too long.

BEAR : Mama in the kitchen after church tonight... RT Her.: ...I need to know who folks cooking red velvet cake.

KARLITO CLARK: “Dwayne Dorsey Jr.: Karlito Clark son gimme that call of duty ghosts tho....” &lt;-gimmie $30 I'll give you that &amp; my call of duty lol
  Man look tomorrow all I need is gumbo &amp; sweet potato.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Hennessy glazed ham....is that a thing? Does that exist?

WOO: 😩😂 RT Inez Williams: Woo and nasty looking plates

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: What role would Haiti like to see the United States play in the crisis between your nation and the Dominican Republic Laurent Lamothe?

BEAR : I really gotta stop going 24 hrs without eating...
  How this gon happen tho? RT Her.: BEAR  set that out.

WOO: Tammy ain't shit brah lol

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Mr.Nice Guy , I see. So continuing our points of clarification, want to explain this whole revocation of citizenship to Haitians?

KARLITO CLARK: $935.00 bill. That's just outrageous.

WOO: Niggas eating already? 😳 RT Jazz: I'm not ready for everybody to post their thanksgiving ✌️meals✌️

BEAR : Dude just asked me why I look mad. I said I clocked in at 5:40 this morning... he made that face kids make when they get pinched in church.

WOO: Jazz, lol. Oh I was like shit....

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Mr.Nice Guy , if it were law, why would you need to pass another? Why not enforce what you have? Why would most think that wasn't the case?
  So that last article explains that what's going on in DR is due to the botched burglary and murder of a DR couple last week.

WOO: Raiders tomorrow tho

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: But mob violence doesn't arise unless there were already existing tensions. You don't lash out against a PEOPLE unless you already hate them
  It reminds me of the US. and the stories of "Black Wall Street" or Rosewood. Black deviancy was used as an excuse to destroy towns and kill.
  Mr.Nice Guy , what happened to you being my foreign affairs guy? You suck at this
  How will Haitians sing their songs in a strange land?
  Mr.Nice Guy , christ. That was cynical as fuck! But I tend to agree with you my friend. A sad, sad thing.

WOO: My phone Finna be out for the count and we only been here for a lil while
  I texted my lil cousin and she talking bout she at her boyfriend house in Va for thanksgiving. 😒. She lucky I ain't tell her I was comin

KARLITO CLARK: Y'all gonna stop gasing Kellen up. I won't allow it.
  Chill Dauterive, &amp; let the Shimmy Gawds be w/ thee

MEREDITH TRAY: Skinny Luther , Cunty Boo Boo don't let that heavy ass pecan pie slow you down
  Talkin shit RT Reagan Gomez: What 's your family holiday game? Spades? Dominoes? Twister?

KARLITO CLARK: P. Hills, not even baby. If I cut my hair all this nonsense would stop lol
  If I'm ever salty cause of another dude my life is all messed up &amp; someone should shoot me.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: So Jia just gon make a feast and not invite a nigga over. K.

BEAR : Smh.... This Some Horse Shxt. I need a strong drink...

KARLITO CLARK: I never understood a girl saying she won't eat another girl out but she will let the chick eat her.

WOO: People allow comfort to set in. U gotta keep everything fresh RT: The newness fools us all until comfort sets in...

BRO JACKSON: A Name Above All, see you didn't even have to stunt on the homie like that smh lol
  If you ever give your lady keys to the whip, expect to go places you would never step foot in.
  General Patton. ♓, got you saying amen early to make them wrap it up lol

MEREDITH TRAY: Cunty Boo Boo, did you squeeze them????

BRO JACKSON: Right! RT General Patton. ♓: @me A Name Above All dang dont do him like that lol

MEREDITH TRAY: BoomBoom, pretty girl!!!!

A NAME ABOVE ALL: General Patton. ♓, Bro Jackson I didn't do anything tho smh lol

BRO JACKSON: Junie B. Jones , you sick right now lol
  I've been chilling for all of 2013 so far..I'm proud of myself

WOO: Walking down U st and it starts snowing..... Fuck this shit. ⛄️ 😩

BRO JACKSON: Tomorrow I'm wearing sweatpants to the dinner so I can loosen them bitches up and nap after I eat
  Yeah I'm fat as hell..

KENFUCIUS: J.Smackson III , the scress is real brah
  Nets fans fed up with J.Kidd?

BRO JACKSON: Bruh I'm finna wash out ALL this tupperware tonight!

KENFUCIUS: LMAO. They had KG looking like Stephen on that Beats commercial
  ------&gt; RT Dexter Morgan: Can you marinate turkey in rum?

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Bro Jackson, General Patton. ♓ I didnt play his life tho. ..... yall the ones that made it worse lmao

KENFUCIUS: Anthony Bennett has 22 points……for his season total

KARLITO CLARK: When I say I don't feel like cooking both these pots of Gumbo tomorrow.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Painting ...walkin round georgetown and five guys..

KENFUCIUS: This game was exciting for 5 minutes
  Hell yeah RT Jolene : Am I wrong for not liking bacon?
  Gotta cross Shendi off the list for possible beige wifeys
  Nobody wants to watch the Nix stink it up bruh

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: You GOTDAYUM right. DEADBEAT DADS, STAND UPPPPPPPP.

KENFUCIUS: Albert Acestasia, sup with your boy A.Bennett

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: A whole week of no potty detail??? Motherfucker YES. Give it to me.

KENFUCIUS: Albert Acestasia, my bad…what's wrong with your fellow countrymen, Anthony Bennett?
  Albert Acestasia, Word. Bring in Vic, move Waiters to the bench
  (  . Y .  ), lmfao
  Tony Snow, nigga got 100 mill and said "fuck it"
  Time to roll up

KARLITO CLARK: Man if Kellen Nelson got ol'lady. I know I got a chance in this Cole world to get me one.

THELONIUS SHAW: Mr.FinessHer , the gym? or the GNC store? them niggas be big as hell even the women, they must be doing steroids.

KENFUCIUS: Dan Gilbert and his son, which I'm sure is an adult with some type of disease are in the press box throwing up everywhere
  Jolene , sorry
  Hervis
  Jew Mane dropping gems
  Savage, definitely the best action movie in the last 5 years
  Jolene , yeah, he took it too far lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Do You Remember. RT Randy SadBitch: Whats your favorite ginuwine song. Mine is love you more
  I would've said Final Warning, but....... I have air travel in my near future. I'm good on that.
  T. Westfield, Clutch, so many possibilities here.

KENFUCIUS: Still haven't watched game 1 of last years NBA Finals

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Is Lauren drunk??

KENFUCIUS: I was drunk and fell asleep in CB's chair

THELONIUS SHAW: Mr.FinessHer , hell I dunno. Talk to a white athlete they seem to have it. And you don't need any at all anyways. Let me find out nigga...

KENFUCIUS: Need some warm thighmuffs. My ears are cold

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: That Mack Wilds song was so fye until it got to the part where he actually started singing.

KENFUCIUS: I love her already RT Stoney Newsome.: My sister doesn't believe in mixed drinks or wine. Just Hennessy or Heineken smh
  I don't see Waiters in a Cavs jersey after his rookie contract is up
  He's fucking Iggy too. Definitely gotta run for public office at some point RT California's Czar: Swaggy P is for the people
  Tre Chicken Wingo, they injected her skinny ass with fatback

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Taylor Swift doesn't need ass, silly. She has white privilege.

MEREDITH TRAY: She don't need a voice, talent, a good attitude... RT Princeton Hernandez: Taylor Swift doesn't need ass, silly. She has white privilege.
  Pope John III, gotcha!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Meredith Tray, YOU CALM YOUR ASS DOWN RIGHT NOW!

KENFUCIUS: General Patton. ♓, it is….

BRO JACKSON: Twitter logic. Don't let it get to you. RT lɘɒнɔiмɿɒɔ ɘiƨƨυƨ ✌ So washing your female friend's hair is gay?..I didn't know..lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Murdy, Meredith Tray I'm bout to block all y'all for disrespecting my queen

BRO JACKSON: Samsonite Man, where you from? lmao

MEREDITH TRAY: Or the energy to open her eyes RT Murdy: Princeton Hernandez Or a decent hair cut.
  Princeton Hernandez, Murdy your queen looks like she was left in the sun awhile

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Meredith Tray, y'all so mad about it. so so so unbelievably mad.

MEREDITH TRAY: Princeton Hernandez, LOLOLOLOLOL

BRO JACKSON: Samsonite Man, I've only heard stories...

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I don't care how many toy stores Breezy sets on fire as long as he keeps making music like this "Sweet Caroline" joint.

BRO JACKSON: lɘɒнɔiмɿɒɔ ɘiƨƨυƨ ✌, if a man wash your hair then yeah..probably..

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Tre Chicken Wingo, fuck kinda shit.......

BRO JACKSON: Samsonite Man, damn! It's that serious?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Waiting for pie to cool&lt;&lt;&lt;

BRO JACKSON: lɘɒнɔiмɿɒɔ ɘiƨƨυƨ ✌, my bad lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Tre Chicken Wingo, we just got our Sunday ban lifted. I be in that bitch directing the cognac bottles like a choir.

BRO JACKSON: I'll be eating out of tupperware until Sunday..maybe Monday

KARLITO CLARK: Why the heater on 84 degrees in my house 😩😩

WOO: This lady just had shower caps on her head rest as covers

KARLITO CLARK: Why am I just now realizing how bad of a movie the Green Lantern was.
  “Dwayne Dorsey Jr.: Karlito Clark smh sad”&lt;-what happens when you got free time on ya hand lol

WOO: Aight brah

KARLITO CLARK: Why when I'm home I'm barely hungry but in my own place I'm starving like a homeless person.
  Girl stop popping that damn gum.

KENFUCIUS: Finally watching "Only God Forgives"

KARLITO CLARK: Don't you touch me or I'm call 911. My daughter tried that once hit her so hard she dialed 9 19 lol
  KeKe Palmer as come a looooooooong way lawd Jesus.

BRO JACKSON: The Jamaican in me really comes out when I'm sick. I would much rather drink some tea and chill before I start popping pills

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Skylar Cruz, do you have somewhere to spend thanksgiving? I can link you with up with some great Spelmanites if you need it

KARLITO CLARK: I'm just looking for someone to rub my back and put lotion on my tattoo.
  “General Patton. ♓: Karlito Clark you mailing some to TN..or...”&lt;-We can make that happen.

WOO: Drinking Jose and listening to drake!! How y'all think my outbox gon look 😩.

KHIA: October 4th ♎, I 💛 Libra's💋

BRO JACKSON: Skinny Luther , I've seen this apparition at work potlucks. YT people summoning spirits to disrupt my hunger.

KARLITO CLARK: Emily lost that weight &amp; she bad azz fuxk in this white dress yo!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Just cussed one of y'allz uncles out in Wally World for not knowing where they moved the Cran-Grape juice to.

BRO JACKSON: Well RT Skinny Luther : @me see, Jesus ain't nowhere in that.

KARLITO CLARK: Man listen this has been the most boring day of my life &amp; it went by stupid fast.
  “General Patton. ♓: Karlito Clark 🙌🙌 ill even come rub your back for that lol” &lt;-don't forget the cash lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Also it's cold as fuck and I would rather die than go outside again.
  This is that "beat a bitch ass on the way to the Grammys" weather.
  Nakoa Wolf, call your father. talk to him, pls.

WOO: Lmfao. She will be expecting these texts tho bro 😂 RT Skinny Luther : Woo Mikael, put the phone down. Now. I'm serious.
  Nina Polamalu , I'm Finna 🏃 in yo shit lmao

KARLITO CLARK: General Patton. ♓, see the way my trading system is set up lol

WOO: This nigga drake said "if I didn't make emotional music line what the fuck would I talk about?!" 😂😂😂😂

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Cee Montgomery Burns, I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE
  Eleanor Rigby, then explain Tye Tribbett.

KARLITO CLARK: “General Patton. ♓: Karlito Clark 1 yankee ticket for a pot?”&lt;-make it 2 &amp; we got a deal

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I wanna get tipsy but I got shit to do tomorrow.

KARLITO CLARK: “General Patton. ♓: Karlito Clark reaching”&lt;-you get a half a pot then.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I hate how I can't stay mad....

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Dev says I'm rude because I don't make eye contact with drive-thru workers. I don't see the problem.

KARLITO CLARK: Calling someone perfect is a lot.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Can't even get mad at Antwan for being weak anymore. I'm quick to block and unblock a number 😔

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Dick Lebeaux, I got a bag full of cold medicine. close enough.

WOO: Nobody. Lol I'm in there bout 9 RT Strength Guru : Who ready for that Pre Thanksgiving workout?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Antwan M. Harris , it's okay. It happens to the best of us 😔
  My heart is so weak....Eb Pope 😔💔

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: This shit says the temperature is 25 degrees. This is how terrorism is conceived.

WOO: How is it stressful being a fan of a rapper? U niggas gay
  Niggas still talking that wiggins shit? RT AL Ca$h: Jabari Parker is really the best player in college basketball

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Morena Reina, I hate this....grrrr 😔

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Still not turning my A/C off tho. IDC IDC IDC.
  Jalapeno Snacks, I woulda beat her ass for all my ancestors.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I'm grateful for family. Doesn't mean it's necessarily the one I was born into.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Jalapeno Snacks, I don't like the cold but i cannot be hot. like, I cannot function when I'm hot. I'm miserable (and annoying).

WOO: Just seen my first struggle plate and it's still Wednesday. Plymouth Rock hasn't even been landed on yet 😩

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: They should change the "non-drowsy" label on Sudafed to "....you not gon fall asleep RIGHT NOW."

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Not gonna share personal information. Just know that I appreciate the lot of you very much. You are my family and I hold you in high esteem.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Jalapeno Snacks, sex is the only time being hot is acceptable

WOO: Brittani Janelle, no driving lol
  Sorry but Paul George is better than Melo

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: But people cant follow directions these days RT Light Yagami : Anyone should be able to cook with a recipe

WOO: I would hate to have Melo on the lakers. Don't nobody want Melo ass brah. He makes everyone sorry
  I'm sure Knicks players hate Melo

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Quit breaking my hearttttttttt 🎤😩

TRAP STEVE KERR: No freaking way lmfaoooo.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: You're not supposed to use recipes when you cook. You're supposed to just feel it. Recipes are for novices.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Jamal in love?
  I'm dying for real. RT Meth Favre: Lmao THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I'm excellent at giving advice....taking it on the other hand....nahhh

WOO: I'm just tired of him RT Paulie Castellano: Woo we concluded that last week.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Nakoa Wolf, NIGGA YOU SANG FOR THE RENT TONIGHT ON X-FACTOR

TRAP STEVE KERR: There's a Laker DIRECTLY IN THE FRONT of the huddle lmao.
  Miss me? Paul Pierce
  Djamal, 😘 I'm not afraid to express my love via emoji.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON:  Brother Flourish, why your avi look light skinned
  Playing trombone at Christmas Carol. They don't make trombonists anymore huh.
  Me and Allen cooking Thanksgiving tomorrow. If you don't have a place to eat, hit me up. Don't be alone on the holiday. It's a bad feeling.
  Niggas cooking turkey wings, fried chicken, cabbage, collards, mac n' cheese, rice, gravy, cornbread, and cake. Yep
  “Success: Hookwriters? Raise your hand” David Fuller Kass Clark @najmurph

WOO: What u looking for tho

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “ Brother Flourish: ChristopherPatterson there was a really bright light” cool. I always be confused.
  Miles Stone Promo, nigga my circadian is set for 6am
  JA3, turn up
  “Fre$h: Greatest “Pe$o: Kobe's the greatest? ALL TIME? Huh?”” Is this opinion or factual?
  Big Daddy Slim, Fre$h Pe$o everybody need to chill.
  “Naj Murph: ChristopherPatterson Miles Stone Promo circadian rhythym*” implied b
  Naj Murph, you know the hands on 984 out of a thousand though.

TRAP STEVE KERR: God., Dope live shows are such a joy. I'm glad you loved it, baby girl. &lt;3

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Own It on repeat for the remainder of the night *lays on face*
  you're still the one that I adore, ain't much out there to have feelings for 😔😒💔

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: JA3, lol. Random as hell
  Naj Murph, read the stats fool.

TRAP STEVE KERR: David TossYerWallets, Craig we love you. Lol did you really get reactions from that??

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: If Drake can be the light skinned Keith Sweat, I'm the fat John Stamos.

WOO: Slapping hella ol skoo shit. Went from "still love you" to "big" to "oh yea" what next? "Project bitch" maybe

MEREDITH TRAY: Cunty Boo Boo, I'm praying to Santa-God that he delivers a Dwayne Johnson sextape this Christmas.

WOO: Oh and "what these bitches want from a nigga"

TRAP STEVE KERR: David TossYerWallets, You're a beautiful butterfly.

WOO: 😩 😂 RT IG Biiggdaddybri : NoBaeNovember

BEAR : .TKO., you spelled Motts Apple Juice wrong.

MEREDITH TRAY: Cunty Boo Boo, I'll die for this.

BEAR : Everybody done took it in for today... now watch tomorrow everybody be tryna kick it 'round this time.
  *blank stare* RT .: That Video on The Internet of Sharkeisha Punching Me is Photoshopped.
  Today just sucked.... best part was the cold BBQ in the breakroom.
  Wide Awake. Not Tired. Queen Sleep. I'm Bored.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Happy Thanksgivinukkah everyone. Enjoy your rest and prepare your bodies and minds for later. Goodnight.

WOO: Ice cold on "god forgives I don't" is still a slapper
  IG Biiggdaddybri , don't do anything crazy lol

EASY EARLY: Charlotte is cold as fuck

BEAR : Big Breasted or just Big? RT Lisa Simpson: Who makes cute supporting lingerie for big breasted women?
  Im guessing the latter... nvm. RT Lisa Simpson: Why u gotta be a fuck nigga RT BEAR : Big Breasted or just Big?

EASY EARLY: This crush I got on KNB.

BEAR : NO words expressed over Twitter from somebody I've never met can mean anything.... EVER.

EASY EARLY: Happy birthday lady Tan Dan 

BEAR : I honestly dont care... not even slightly. I hope the feeling mutual too. Just laugh and keep scrolling.
  Wide heifer always getting mad... shxt man, smile!
  ....what is Hali eating in her avi?
  Nigga... u were like 8. RT Nick felt more emotions whn Ash turnd into stone on Pokemon than whn any other cartoon character died
  You always chime in and piss people off. Lmao! RT .Despicable Tee.: BEAR  wide heifer... lmaooo

ALIEN ARTIST: I don't always listen to "Release Me" by Agnes, but when I do, I listen to it on repeat for an hour or so.

MEREDITH TRAY: Wanna personally thank Chris for Fantasy 2

BEAR : Folks dont get mad at jokes until somebody laugh. Lol. Sooooo... RT .Despicable Tee.: BEAR  me? I didn't do anything!
  My Carmex hide better than Bin Laden...
  Excellent Point. Touché. RT .Despicable Tee.: BEAR  lol! I don't even know who you joking on
  I wanna meet someone whose finished a tube/capsule of Carmex... that right there is a determined individual.
  Wide that new "Fat". Shit just sounds more politically but not politically correct.
  "Man sit cho wide ass down"

ALIEN ARTIST: CBM, Cuz they want you too! Duuuh...

BEAR : Bonnets dont mean shxt... if it comes down to IT... its gon come off. If IT doesn't... it doesn't matter.

BRO JACKSON: D.A.D., bruh we can turn these mics off

BEAR : Same thing with matching panties and bras... *pauses* ...is that the correct spelling of the plural form of the word 'bra'?

ALIEN ARTIST: If you don't have at least one obese relative who says "Happeh Thaynsgih'n" y'all ain cookin.

BEAR : ...shxt just looks wrong to me....
  ....but back to my wide rant.

ALIEN ARTIST: Finnick Odair, It's soooooo addictive. I do t think I've ever listened to it just once. lmaooo.
  veintidos!, Or just dead.

BEAR : I recommend using the word 'wide' rather than 'fat'... 'fat' hurts peoples feelings. Wide... well... wide is just funnier and less harmful.

BRO JACKSON: D.A.D., Ye apologized quick when Sway checked him at the end

BEAR : Sound like a gay dude saying 'brows' in my head. RT Her.: BEAR  nuh, you gotta add a w to it. B R A W S. Like Draws.
  "Her wide ass always playing"..."Its a wide ass line outside the club bruh"..."What cho wide ass over there eating?
  Lmaoooooooooo!!! RT Skinny Luther : Although "fat fuck" is still the rudest/funniest shit ever.
  He snapping his fingers and hair flipping? RT Her.: BEAR  got a gay dude in my head mad about eyebrows now. Thanks.
  .Despicable Tee., Did a black guy tell you I asked about you last week when I came in?
  Fat jokes dont do shxt but make me laugh and rush your ass...
  He a fxck nigga... smh. RT .Despicable Tee.: BEAR  nope. not at all

ALIEN ARTIST: Oskur, So we skippin datin then, huh?
  veintidos!, What kinda cake are we serving? Execution.

BEAR : It was like 10 ppl in the entire store when I came. RT .Despicable Tee.: @JD lmfaooo. Probably got super busy or something. We're all forgetful

MEREDITH TRAY: The vogueing alone... RT Skinny Luther : "Thong Song" still one of the greatest videos ever.

ALIEN ARTIST: Oskur, Good.
  Chef RoZsay, Biiish, you gon' bring Jesus back! 😩

MEREDITH TRAY: Sisqo was dancing behind ass galore and paused to fly through the air and fight.

ALIEN ARTIST: “Taee ✨: Ughh humans irritate me 😫😒” They are vile creatures.

BEAR : Ion think so. Lol. RT .Despicable Tee.: BEAR  well... Was i even at work? I'm in layaway mostly

MEREDITH TRAY: Skinny Luther , get me together

BRO JACKSON: I'm infirmed and all I need is some pussy to replenish my life force.

ALIEN ARTIST: Chef RoZsay, I hear he doesn't always show up when you want him to, but he's always on time.
  “Taee ✨: I wanna know what love is ... And I want you to show me 💜💕🙈” *waves at fans in stadium*
  Chef RoZsay, Amen to that!

BRO JACKSON: Skinny Luther , at her parents' house cooking. I done sent the texts. Gotta wait it out

ALIEN ARTIST: CBM, Yeah. He fine, too.

BRO JACKSON: Preach RT Skinny Luther : @me be still and know that yams will be set according to His riches in glory.
  All these channels and ain't a damn thing to watch
  Safe House just finished and I'm looking for another dope movie

ALIEN ARTIST: Kyle Ⓜ️urray, Where?
  Karim Macabre, I'm convinced. Even with out pouring it down there.

BRO JACKSON: Why do these directors have that skinny ass white woman from Resident Evil naked in every movie when she ain't got no body?
  Images like this make me realize why I prefer thick women
  Gotta have something for me to hold onto

ALIEN ARTIST: Kyle Ⓜ️urray, I'm only trying to be a decent citizen. lls

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Smothered pork chops.

ALIEN ARTIST: Speaking of which, why are people so upset by nudity? A clean, healthy, bare body should be celebrated
  Karim Macabre, She is rather likable.
  Accept the beauty of the bare human form, balls and all.
  力Brandon Green, Going bare can really empower you. I did some of my best art after I painted myself completely stripped.
  Lemme stfu about nudity tho. I could go on and on. I'd much rather finish twisting my hair.
  Elite 4 Sam Jones, Where?

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Young Yoda, awwww

PULLEY: Another batch of these and then gotta make these candied pecans and I'm out.
  On Thursday I'll be thanking God for Wenz...nvm

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Young Yoda, I'll give you that

PULLEY: Organic body wash. Levels.
  I figure I can have a beard by May. I'll take that.
  I'm mad creative. That's gotta yield me some points with somebody one day.
  the REAL puff daddy, lemme book this flight like yesterday
  SIR PURR'S COUSIN, the REAL puff daddy Chill Dauterive couldn't have said it better myself
  Traye trying to use logic. With a wom...nvm not right now. Cupcakes need my attention.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Gabbie LaRae', nothing at all

SKINNY LUTHER : Sure would be nice if I was sleepy.
  I'm the guy who texts at 4:30 am knowing good and damn well you're sleep. Yet I still get a little sad when you don't respond. Smh
  Missing my Whitley Gilbert like shit right now.
  Loving somebody is dope. Especially when they love you too. Regardless of if y'all are together or not.
  That understanding makes all the difference in the world. Especially when y'all don't have to say shit after a while.
  Gotta get these simp tweets off when the streets are vacant.

GUCCI VALENTINE: “Skinny Luther  I'm the guy who texts @ 4:30 am knowing good &amp; damn well you're sleep. Yet I still get a little sad when you don't respond

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Think I took too much cold medicine. There's a ringing in my head and I can't sleep for shit.
  *shuffles Future playlist*

PULLEY: Up finishing these here cupcakes up.
  6, why are you up?

BEAR : Thank You. For THIS Day. NOTHING You've Done is Without My Deepest Gratitude and Praise Heavenly Father!

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: You could have all the wealth, fame, and success in the world, and still have no edges
  Ares, I have so much to be thankful for
  I love Magic Johnson's son....his IG gives me so much life...
  Yemi, omg!! I didn't think about that....that's a NO then

SKINNY LUTHER : A$AP Pharoah (PhD), Tenn Peaches oh see, something this major warrants a phone call.
  Happy thanksgiving, everybody!

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I tell most of you how I feel about you on random days. I'll be taking time to send personalized msgs anyway today if I have your number.
  Enjoy this beautiful occasion that brings us all together at one table. May you have a peaceful and joy-filled thanksgiving day.

SKINNY LUTHER : Big Belly Rude Boy, had I not known the context, that's exactly where my mind would have gone.

EASY EARLY: Is it irony that now everyone is posting the "u don't have to post a pic of ur food" pic...?

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and I mean everyone.

KARLITO CLARK: Morning World.
  “General Patton. ♓: I sneezed and my back popped. Should i worry?!”&lt;-be scared lol jk

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I still don't understand why this Sharkeisha girl is so popular.

BEAR : Early Morning Service... Reverend and "First Lady" in here talmbout Jorice. Smh.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Lana Kane, I have and it's just deplorable

BEAR : For what? RT Boobie: ROLL TIDE.....IM IN TEARS.....
  Lmaoooo!!! I showed him that like 2 years ago! RT Ant Jones: Damn brah look like DC
  On where? RT Boobie: "BEAR : For what? RT Boobie: ROLL TIDE.....IM IN TEARS." the story about AJ McCarron god daughter

WOO: I'm Thankful for my health so I'm headed to the gym.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: im a monster, just shady

BEAR : We have an "I Love Jesus" cheer we do at church thats Men vs. Women... I always feel weird. I DO love Jesus. Im just 6'10" and cheering.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Chill Dauterive, I refuse to believe that you're uncoordinated

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: In Columbus and I must say it seems nicer to me than usual.
  Meigan Bryant, that video was hilarious

KENFUCIUS: Already seen a turkey on here that looked like it was apart of that BP oil spill. Gonna be a long day

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: A lot to be thankful for when I put my life in perspective.
  I like seeing people happy, it really does something for my soul.
  jess❁, awwwwwww

KENFUCIUS: Not RT that breakfast photo I just seen. NOAP

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Some fried catfish at Thanksgiving dinner is not necessarily a bad idea, or maybe I'm just fat.

KENFUCIUS: Gonna be drunk off whiskey and honey baked ham in a few hours like a real American
  Making a lean poundcake RT Ricardo Finland: Anybody else cooking with lean today?
  #WaysToGo, When I got my license, first song I played was "Get Em' Girls". You would have thought the Toyota was the Pink Ranger Rover
  GTA V got one of the best stories in the series RT California's Czar: Yes RT Heir Apparent: IS GTAV worth it just for the story mode?
  If not, the best storyline
  All this struggle food got me wanting to Nicole Ritchie myself bruh
  Can't hold off on eating much longer. Gonna walk to the store
  Talked to moms…she good. Gonna call the rest of the fam later
  Kanye Wasp, should have made a lean turkey

WOO: Before I snitch u gotta burn a hole in my tongue
  I don't blame niggas for how they act. I blame the way they were raised.
  The way I was raised.... If u was a tattletale then u got the whuppin for snitching. Not the person u told on.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Erykah Badu just followed me on Twitter. Happy Thanksgiving!
  ErykahBadoula, Happy Thanksgiving Queen Badu
  Thank the Creator for growth. Stop asking and begging and complaining and just appreciate what you have.
  Again if you're in ATL, and you couldn't make it home. Don't be alone. Hit my line with a quickness.
  Big Daddy Slim, well now I gotta give Aaron the hands.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: We understand each other RT Mad Regular : Giustino Curveanova and my mom can both shush lol

WOO: If be waiting forever. 💯

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Most of the publishing from any music I have a piece of will be in my sons name. Think forward.
  Be great
  Be classic
  Be thankful
  Big Daddy Slim, happy thanksgiving to you too man!
  Thankful for my mother.
  Thankful for my brother
  Thankful for my son.
  Thank you for the people that gave me a chance. Janelle Monae Wondaland City of Atlanta, GA @twitterlessmitch Apache Cafe DUNN

WOO: I will never be another groom. Unless I assume. The bitch ain't giving up the womb. To him and whom.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Thankful for my mind and my abilities.
  Thankful for the fam. Davo, Tann, B, Kwo, Erica, Allen, Shel, and Bre.
  This WATIA shit is the same thing as CruX, same as FAMO. It's family, same thing as anyone practicing unity.   We Are Therefore I Am.
  Thankful for WATIA.
  Thankful for Christopher Allison and jelani debrady for giving me a floor to sleep on while trying to get thru school.

WOO: Paulie Castellano, man I'm in the gym like...... 🎤🎧🎼🎶🎤🎧🎼

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Thankful for Richard Gross for challenging me intellectually and spiritually. Rich
  I can do this all day.
  Go eat ya momma food and tell her you love her.
  Now when I Instagram this plate, I don't wanna hear shit about I want some lol

WOO: I'm laying down. She tell me sit up. I sit up. She push me down. I sit up. She push me down. I get up. N I act like I'ma hit her.
  But ima better nigga. She won't find a better nigga

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: PJ Morton, Anthony David, Chantae Cann, Kam Corvet, RAHBI, and Algebra. Tomorrow at The Apache Cafe. That's a Thanksgiving for that ass.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: *Spelman RT Antwan M. Harris : Thankful for my parents for believing in me and my dreams and paying for Morehouse

BEAR : Two Thanksgiving Dinners. One at 3. One at 4.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Thankful for my family and my friends.....blessed to have such an amazing support system.

EASY EARLY: That new foot locker commercial wit Evander and Tyson is hilarious.

KENFUCIUS: Drank a 211 yesterday, gotta drink another one today

WOO: I'm thankful for everyone that has thought about me this am. 💯

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Madura is actually back this time. Cool.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Back to thanking. Thankful for Ms Morgan
  Thankful for Murph, Kass, LuLu, Eric Johnson, Larry Lambert, Koko, Nick the Quick, Queen Raq, Priscilla, Asya. Oooo kill em. WATIA
  Thankful for the niggas I got positive beef with. $uli FlexMoney diana *

WOO: Or to make my plate. And my lil cousin at her boyfriend house this year so I gotta make my own plate. I'm sure my aunt got me

SKINNY LUTHER : Kevin. RT SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I'm thankful for HD porn.

KENFUCIUS: Walkn Contradiction, Danger&Chaos702 borderline treason right here bruh
  "Give me bacon or give me death!!!"

BRO JACKSON: Maximus Decimus, give him Tekken or something

PULLEY: golden girl, I agree with number two
  TURKEY RELAXING IN SOME GREASE. OH FATHA!!!

WOO: Y'all niggas should be thankful for the chicks who got they kik/bbm in their bio

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Who all house I'm invited to in Columbus? I just need some food lol

PULLEY: Y'all have got to stop. “Bsean dreilinger Rod Sosa ⚡: Happy founders day to Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated.”
  FRY YO TURKEYS DAWG

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Redd S. 愛, oh word?

KENFUCIUS: Mocking J. Ray, that shouldn't sound terrible….you're of age
  Getting drunk with your family is fun as hell
  It's not a terrible thing at all. I'm about to get fucked up yo…with people that I care about. That's dope

PULLEY: I really done trust "roasted turkey" people.
  Sam Floyd , Est. 12.3.1992 gotta add a cup of sugar. I mean an entire cup.

KENFUCIUS: Gonna FaceTime all the chicks I know to make sure their asses are in the kitchen

KARLITO CLARK: Why my 14yr old cousin told me I need to have a baby. Ummm excuse me..

PULLEY: Antwan M. Harris , not a matter of either/or it's both/and

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Don't come round me with ham....hog maws, chitterlings, cracklin bread. None of it! 😷 swine ain't fine

BEAR : Yall so funny. RT Darnell_The_Gawd: Lil Miss P Trill Scott BEAR  Roland Green 😂😩😂😩😂😩😂😩 I just died!!!!

KENFUCIUS: They better have an apron or I'm gonna hit the fan. Unacceptable

KARLITO CLARK: Like can I get a gf, then be engaged then a wife sheesh. Skip all the steps huh.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Shit will have you living life like Cinderella. Cuz when those 4 hours run out........ all bad.

PULLEY: Probably gone deep fry the ham at my house.

KARLITO CLARK: “Dwayne Dorsey Jr.: Karlito Clark yea calm that”&lt;-bruh who you telling.

PULLEY: Probably won't eat before bout 5 but whatever.
  Est. 12.3.1992, Sam Floyd  wayment they make this?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: In other news, I just bought an assortment of Santa hats. *diabolical grin*

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Eat a piece of (pork) bacon and feel like you took some everclear to the head....no thank you

PULLEY: Logan, Harry Flournoy goes to church with me
  SIR PURR'S COUSIN, where da hot sauce?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Lemme know if you eat chitterlings so I can unfollow you

BEAR : *walks back over to Relationship Twitter* ...Nope...

WOO: U ladies should be thankful for that mass text u were apart of this morning.

PULLEY: How could you choose to put a turkey in the oven opposed to a vat of peanut oil?
  SIR PURR'S COUSIN, you alright with me my brother

WOO: U kno me betta RT Jess. : 😒 yall keep that RT Woo: U ladies should be thankful for that mass text u were apart of this am

PULLEY: Man my daddy was so hurt when my auntie said she won't making no hog punch and chitlins.

WOO: If your name wasn't in it.... It was a mass

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Pork will have your head swimming....anything that makes you feel like that is unfit for consumption

SKINNY LUTHER : Plate

PULLEY: Antwan M. Harris , you really eating yoself into an early grave

KARLITO CLARK: When ya house smell like Gumbo &gt;&gt;&gt;

PULLEY: Antwan M. Harris , Texas Pete!!!

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: And y'all be having the nerve to talk about being cleaned "correctly"....cleaning intestines? Okay 😭😂😭

PULLEY: I mean I do, but das my bidness.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Thor Odinson, where the f are the shrubs.

KARLITO CLARK: Packers not playing half bad but damnit Matt Flynn needs to do sooooo much better.
  That's what I'm talking bout Packers. Good pressure.

WOO: Thanksgiving dinner or lunch? Lol RT Skinny Luther : Plate

PULLEY: Antwan got four different kinds of diabetes and eating swine, cake and no greenery today. Let me make sure my black suit clean.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I'm thankful for y'all shutting the fuck up soon.

KARLITO CLARK: Who ever have the most take always gonna win this game.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I apologize for the filth. I'm suffering from temporary delusion. I'm hungry y'all.

SKINNY LUTHER : Woo, dinner. You have to pace yourself though. Small plates throughout the day lol

PULLEY: You gotta go. “Morochita : I don't like sweet potatoes either while we're at it.”

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: No couth when I'm hungry.
  Ares, I'm sorry 😔

KENFUCIUS: Packers D been eating all game

WOO: Skinny Luther , so u gon ready to workout after this holiday then lol

KARLITO CLARK: And another one. Turnover

PULLEY: Might be the only person born and bred in the state that could not possibly care less about USC vs. Clemson.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Watching football against my will....and I'm starving 😩

PULLEY: Matthew Stafford trying with all his might to be David Greene.

SKINNY LUTHER : Woo, yessir

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Racism is not the problem in that Charlie Brown picture. The problem is that struggle ass meal of popcorn, parfait, and butter rolls.

PULLEY: Lame Lance, don't start today Max

SKINNY LUTHER : 👈 Childish as hell. RT SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Chitlins for the ADULTS kiddos.

PULLEY: Don't need no questions bout my personal life today.

BRO JACKSON: Maximus Decimus, well damn lol

PULLEY: Motherfxcka Jones., get to it

SKINNY LUTHER : One in the same. RT Whitley GilbertWayne: Y'all be eating chitterlings but won't eat a *drops phone*
  "Chitterlings" just looks and sounds wrong. They're called chitlins. I still won't touch that shit though.
  Chill Dauterive, LIT. TRUH. LEE.
  So that collard/kale mix is what's going. I was unaware. I shall adjust my life accordingly.
  Also, there are no yams in this house. This is a yamless thanksgiving. On every level. But God said Aunt Cat's pecan pie, so I'm Gucci.

BRO JACKSON: I eat neither. RT Skinny Luther : One in the same. RT Whitley GilbertWayne: Y'all be eating chitterlings but won't eat a *drops phone*

KARLITO CLARK: “General Patton. ♓: Yamless thanksgiving? My Jesus didn't get beat for that”&lt;-which yams tho 🙈

SKINNY LUTHER : These plates are filthier than any discussion we've ever had on here.

KARLITO CLARK: Dad asked me if I wanted him yo shave my beard. I almost had a heart attack

WOO: Skinny Luther , yea aight. We gon see. Lol

SKINNY LUTHER : Woo, I gotta do better lol

KARLITO CLARK: Deviled Eggs of are heaven sent &amp; idc what no one say.

SKINNY LUTHER : Bro Jackson, not just any pecan pie. My auntie's pecan pie. Remember the first time you went raw? Imagine that in pie form.

KARLITO CLARK: Big question is should I wear purple &amp; gold today. Or Blue &amp; Red.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Thor Odinson, you coming thru.

KARLITO CLARK: Dwayne Dorsey Jr., bruh don't ever RT me w/ a smiley face ever again.

KENFUCIUS: Nothing sexier than a female making some Mac &amp; Cheese. Oh lawwwddd

SKINNY LUTHER : Mac and cheese without that yam syrup = Jay in 2001 without Kanye on the boards.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: New Menu  Smothered chops Breaded baked chicken Mixed greens Mac n cheese Cornbread Cabbage Yams  Sangria

KARLITO CLARK: Whelp Purple &amp; Gold it is then.

KENFUCIUS: Mocking J. Ray, music to my ears shawty…music to my ears

BRO JACKSON: Skinny Luther , LMFAO! X_X

SKINNY LUTHER : I see what you did there. RT Kenfucius: Nothing sexier than a female making some Mac &amp; Cheese. Oh lawwwddd

KENFUCIUS: Whisper "Mac and cheese" in my ear bae….see if you don't end up pregnant

SKINNY LUTHER : Bro Jackson, I'm so serious though lol

KENFUCIUS: Got my Kramer "I'm hip to the whole scene" cardigan on so you know I'm gonna flourish

SKINNY LUTHER : Remember when Kevin said he and I are the same person? That tweet proved that might could be it.
  Real as fuck. RT Eleanor Rigby: I can have a Thankgiving full of sides, if we're being honest.

BRO JACKSON: Skinny Luther , I feel you

SKINNY LUTHER : What y'all don't know is General Patton. ♓ and I are whipping up thanksgiving dinner in Atlanta next year. If we fuck with y'all, come through.

KENFUCIUS: Lmao. Tequila!!! RT #WaysToGo: Mom and sister just came into the room doing the twist to 'Pepe Lopez' by Action Bronson. Haha

SKINNY LUTHER : Dead ass. We started talking about it last night.

KENFUCIUS: AKERS WHAT THE FUCK DOG
  I was gonna laugh then I realized he's on my FF squad SMFH

BRO JACKSON: Jesus was nowhere in that atrocity dude attempted to call mac and cheese.

PULLEY: Leggings at Spelman “Brie Brie: What are y'all thankful for?”
  I AM THANKFUL FOR BLACK WOMEN IN LEGGINGS

BRO JACKSON: And sundresses. RT Pulley: Leggings at Spelman “Brie Brie: What are y'all thankful for?”

KENFUCIUS: &lt;------ RT General Patton. ♓: Thankful for the men whose beards connect and flourish.

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR BLACK WOMEN

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Skinny Luther , General Patton. ♓ y'all should team up with me and my nigga Allen. We can be like the dream team of this shit.

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR THE QUAYE SISTERS

BRO JACKSON: See that's how I know Pulley and A$AP Pharoah (PhD) great.

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR FEMINIST
  THANKFUL FOR MY BARBER AND LOCTICIAN

SKINNY LUTHER : ChristopherPatterson, General Patton. ♓ I'll make the mac and cheese and greens. The rest is up for grabs.

PULLEY: THANKFUL FPR DOUBLE MONK STRAP DRESS SHOES

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Skinny Luther , General Patton. ♓ I'll do stuffing and the meat. Whatever we choose.

SKINNY LUTHER : Cousin be knowin.

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR GOOD TWERK

BRO JACKSON: I'm thankful for the family I've been blessed with. Blood or otherwise.

SKINNY LUTHER : With no walls, edges, or liquid assets. RT Chill Dauterive: Yeah if you put marshmallow fluff on yams...you a hoe

PULLEY: A$AP Pharoah (PhD), folks who don't have locs won't ever understand the importance of a good loctician

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: You don't need to know my name. As long as I make a positive impact on the universe and my child is well provided for.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Some yams right now would be great

PULLEY: This is where I say hello “General Patton. ♓: Thankful for dread heads. lawd”

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I gave myself a one sap text message quota today....gotta choose wisely.... Hmmm

SKINNY LUTHER : Yes, I just read your hair, pussy, and financial portfolio in less than 140 characters.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “Skinny Luther : With no walls, edges, or liquid assets. RT Chill Dauterive: Yeah if you put marshmallow fluff on yams...you a hoe” man

SKINNY LUTHER : ChristopherPatterson, General Patton. ♓ cool. You know how to fry a turkey?

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Skinny Luther , General Patton. ♓ I do.

PULLEY: Scared to leave Atlanta because I don't wanna find a new loctician and barber

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: You wildin. It's just like...nvm RT Chill Dauterive Yeah if you put marshmallow fluff on yams...you a hoe

PULLEY: Unfollow me back “Dr. Narcisse: And mustard and turnip green are always a favorite...collards are vastly overrated to be honest”

KARLITO CLARK: When my dad irons my cloths that means I know he miss the young bull &amp; today gonna be a great day.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Imma start frying turkey and cooking great shit through the regular year

WOO: Serious question.... I can't wear gym clothes to my Aunt's house for thanksgiving dinner? 😳

SKINNY LUTHER : That's enough. RT Giustino Curveanova: You wildin. It's just like...nvm RT Chill Dauterive Yeah if you put marshmallow fluff on yams...you a hoe

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Salmon. Steak. Lamb. Chicken. Turkey. Chops. Crazy vegetable medleys.

KENFUCIUS: Thankful for all the big booty bitches of the world. Yall cure diseases everyday with all that ass

PULLEY: Chill Dauterive, A$AP Pharoah (PhD) all I can do not to act up in that shop

WOO: But my gym clothes aren't like normal gym clothes. My shit be fly. Like I'm a mannequin at a sports store. Lol

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR HOT SAUCE

KENFUCIUS: I'm thankful for Rob Ford nh
  He's a living testament that white people are coons too

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: In real life I'm super-bae material. I cook, clean, sing, work, eat the box, do handy work, know a little about cars, and I'm wise.

WOO: Ay this foo Court is the selfie king 😂

SKINNY LUTHER : Also. As well.

PULLEY: THANKFUL YALL EAT CUPCAKES

KENFUCIUS: CFG not black, he's clear RT Drillary Clinton: Dr. Narcisse Giustino Curveanova you need help

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: The key to frying turkey is regulating moisture. Keep it wet like the box. Seasoning is the easy part.

WOO: Calvin Johnson's swim move is so clean and effortless.
  __lilzach, where r u?

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: IndiaShawn , this is real life India. I'm like super bae
  My true life imperfection is my weight. And once that's fixed, Superbae to save the day.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Yall will drink cranberry and vodka but won't eat cranberry sauce smh

SKINNY LUTHER : I'm thankful for Beyoncé. I'm thankful in advance for this new album. I'm thankful for the purpose she gives my life.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: A nigga say he super bae and two new female followers swoop in. Someone already snatched this up guys. Sorry lol

SKINNY LUTHER : Ashley. RT General Patton. ♓: Thankful for the men who love to eat yams

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Thankful for the women in my life who have made me a better man.

KENFUCIUS: Somebody thankful for some hoe shit….you know the tweets coming

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR THE CONSTANT ENTERTAINMENT BALD HEAD WOMEN PROVIDE

KENFUCIUS: Hashtags from 09-10 Twitter were the stuff of legends

WOO: A girl can say "I only like dark guys" but AS SOON as a nigga say he only like light skin chicks, u females turn into civil rights activists

KENFUCIUS: We need those days back on here man

BEAR : Aight Chest Welker... yo square root belly ass. Roland Green That Nigga

SKINNY LUTHER : I'm thankful for Victoria. Belee dat.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: ABC gave y'all niggas scandal. Shut up bout this Charlie Brown beach chair segregation lol. Ungrateful on thanksgiving.

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR STRONG EDGES ON BLACK WOMEN

KENFUCIUS: SIR PURR'S COUSIN, pretty sure this is a real thing

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR DADDY ISSUES

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Hobbes, Ms. Morgan and she a unicorn Dray.

KENFUCIUS: Promo flyers for parties in South Carolina so fucking funny dog

WOO: Females can have preferences (tall, dark, in shape) but when a nigga want a in shape light skin chick wit long hair all hell break loose

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Master Chef Rick RT Scooter Taylor You can't compete with Ricky, he's baking girls cupcakes, c'mon son

SKINNY LUTHER : You are trash. RT Pulley: THANKFUL FOR DADDY ISSUES

KENFUCIUS: Pulley, you're really a scumbag

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: I became SuperBae without a dad. Imagine what kind of my Prince Chase is gonna be. My God

KENFUCIUS: Now way I'm letting Ricky christen my first born now dog

SKINNY LUTHER : Also. As well. RT A$AP Pharoah (PhD): I'm thankful for my baby Tay [.] ✨❤✌

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: They also killed and spread disease RT Scooter Taylor Pilgrims didn't eat cranberry sauce and neither should you

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Erik Vance, happy thanksgiving to you too brother. I'll be rapping with the owner after the holiday to see if we can make it happen.

BEAR : *blank stare* RT Skinny Luther : I'm thankful for Beyoncé. I'm thankful for this new album. I'm thankful for the purpose she gives my life

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: *lets cape flap in wind* RT The Curve Kaiser  We outchea! RT Chill Dauterive: Thankful for All the Folks Tryna Save These Hoes
  He's on to something RT Skinny Luther : You are trash. RT Pulley: THANKFUL FOR DADDY ISSUES

PULLEY: Kenfucius, I was hacked man

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Hobbes, Ms. Morgan my nigga. You know I value your opinion above most lol. You the pickiest nigga I know with fashion and women

SKINNY LUTHER : BEAR , LEAVE ME ALONE!

PULLEY: THANKFUL I DONT HAVE KNEES LIKE DERRICK ROSE, AARON MURRAY AND KEITH MARSHALL

BEAR : Dre whea yall wide asses at? Roland Green That Nigga

PULLEY: Tom TibbehTOE, Skinny Luther  Giustino Curveanova I was hacked

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: ❤工 ﾚoV乇 ㄚ◯∪❤, I won't allow for cranberry sauce slander lol

PULLEY: THANKFUL I HAVE COUTH

KENFUCIUS: Thankful for Hennessy and other various brown liquors that allowed me to achieve a beard at a young age
  Jamir trolling

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Her Mean Ass, you just said uggs. I ain't know I felt disrespected lol

KENFUCIUS: Mike Vick x Action Bronson

SKINNY LUTHER : Oh, bitch... RT Pulley: THANKFUL I HAVE COUTH

PULLEY: I WILL BE THANKFUL WHEN MY UNCLE MOVES OUT

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Thankful to the men in my life who have been great guides as young fathers. B. Phillips-Taylor Poindexter Sheldon Harris

SKINNY LUTHER : Thankful for my family, the friends who have become family, and the great people God has placed in my life.
  Thankful in advance for the many blessings that are in my near future. Excited doesn't even begin to describe how I'm feeling right now.

MEREDITH TRAY: 229. We outchea.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Thankful for platonic cuddling. Making the poke worth while since '93

PULLEY: THANKFUL FOR BACON

SKINNY LUTHER : Meredith Tray, I'm on the west side. What up?

KENFUCIUS: Gibbs for Pres. RT Freddie Gibbs: These fake ass celeb niggaz pass out turkey's for promo not the people. I feed mine daily.

PULLEY: Honestly thankful to be alive. If you know me you know this is sincere.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Scandal been causing side junts to hop out of line since day one.

WOO: When niggas in the nfl meet chicks, they say their WHOLE NAME lol. They wear helmets. So ladies I'm giving y'all a hint 😂

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Scandal also taught black women how to curve black niggas for powerful white men but only to be a side bitch.
  Her Mean Ass, peace and blessing love.

SKINNY LUTHER : Heh. RT Eleanor Rigby: Black women can't really sing. They just be yelling in perfect pitch.
  It's a holiday. Ima leave Kevin alone.

PULLEY: Thankful to be a black man that knows and has a great relationship with his father.

MEREDITH TRAY: Skinny Luther , I'm at my aunt's house. Technically the west side.

SKINNY LUTHER : Is that what we're calling it now? RT Pablo Sanchez: Who gone come get this turkey neck
  Meredith Tray, whereabouts?
  Eleanor Rigby, this is true. But she still shits on trash ass Dionne Warwick.

BEAR : Black Folks mean...

SKINNY LUTHER : My head is all over the place. I could throw up.

EASY EARLY: Thankful for Simba, giving all men hope of exiting the friend zone.

MEREDITH TRAY: Skinny Luther , I'll be here awhile. What about you?

SKINNY LUTHER : They were siblings. RT Easy Early: Thankful for Simba, giving all men hope of exiting the friend zone.

EASY EARLY: Ugh... True “Skinny Luther : They were siblings. RT Easy Early: Thankful for Simba, giving all men hope of exiting the friend zone.”

KHIA: Elijah, Happy Thanksgiving💋

SKINNY LUTHER : Meredith Tray, I gotta get back to Atlanta tonight, but I have wheels.

EASY EARLY: Going to class and learning ruins everything about the Disney movies you once loved.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Georgia State Patrol rode up on me going 90mph and passed me....... and y'all think I don't have a personal relationship with Jesus.

KHIA: Massi Petracca, Happy Thanksgiving Massi I'm grateful for you💋

EASY EARLY: Amber, respect
  Get a thesaurus &amp; use a lot of adjectives. “Jug: So I need to start and finish a 1000 word paper by tomorrow.”
  There's no such thing as chivalry at thanksgiving either...

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: My nigga Allen making his mac with sharp cheddar, feta cheese, and cream cheese. Texture and flavor galore

EASY EARLY: Thankful for the producers of family matters, who randomly just cut the annoying daughter out the show.
  Thankful for Sally's Beauty Supply, who provided beads for my cornrows from 03-07.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “Easy Early: Thankful for Sally's Beauty Supply, who provided beads for my cornrows from 03-07.” Smh

KENFUCIUS: Fengel fed up

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Judy from Family Matters started doing porn. That's all.
  Girls that wear all white sneakers are never over the age of 14. Don't fall for it.

WOO: I'm Just Me! ;), I like all kinds. But I've heard the same chick say her preference get mad she doesn't match another niggas preference 😩

EASY EARLY: Drillary Clinton, marry me.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Love is a word I use very sparingly. So if I say it to you in sincerity don't take it for granted.

EASY EARLY: Was slowly removed from that too... “ChristopherPatterson: Judy from Family Matters started doing porn. That's all.”

WOO: I'm Just Me! ;), yea now that's a stupid thing to say lol

EASY EARLY: If u don't have Mac &amp; Cheese at your table, it's not Thanksgiving... It's a waste of my time.
  Ummmm... I'm thankful for Mona  who is feeling herself in her avi.

WOO: The packers won't win another game as long as Aaron Rodgers has that damn mustache.

EASY EARLY: I'm super thankful that the redskins don't play today, because my buzz won't be killed

WOO: Just in case y'all couldn't tell... That nigga Jeremy Ross from Nor Cal

ALIEN ARTIST: “Supreme Ru Laveau: I need a personal trainer...i thibk i want to buff up” Also

MEREDITH TRAY: Welp. We fighting over spades over here.

KENFUCIUS: Packers usually beat the hell out of the Lions on Thanksgiving. Oh, how the times change bubba

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Peace, Love, and Drugs (That bring about happiness)

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I think I accidentally ate some pork....head swimming. Lawdddd
  Why do I feel like I'm at tailgate? 😔 turnt off pork smh

KENFUCIUS: THAT CATCH

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Sheldon Harris, Jaime foxworth

KENFUCIUS: Last Thanksgiving my shoes were off after the first plate smh

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I'm in different towards chitlins. It's not something I'd choose over another food but I'd eat a lil if it was there.

ALIEN ARTIST: “Michael ♉: She damn near cussed my little brother out for having a "B" in science” She has good standards.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Happy Thanksgiving, baes! Come sit on my lap.
  Have you posted a long Facebook status about the true HIStory of the white oppressor yet?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I really feel inebriated though....sodium is not your friend

KENFUCIUS: Harper Stewart

WOO: Ernie Pimentel, Sac. He went to Cal

KENFUCIUS: Niggas on their 3rd plate and I'm still not even at the place I'm suppose to be eating at smh

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: De'Jon Uchiha, ehhh it's a hard choice
  Mentally I'm a Senju but I express myself in Uchiha ways

WOO: James Jones from the Bay too. Damn we out there lol

ALIEN ARTIST: “Khalil Byrd: Tell Him x Lauryn Hill” That entire album went iiiiin! 😩
  “CHESTIRON: I believe in plastic plates 24/7 got dishes but f that” Fuck a dish. Dishes wanna be bathed an' shit.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I'm still waiting to bring a woman home for Thanksgiving..
  My family is lowkey a tough crowd but if you can be accepted by them then we're basically a step before marriage.

ALIEN ARTIST: “Simon Cowell: A very happy thanksgiving to everyone. From me.” This is a boss ass tweet.
  CHESTIRON, Right!

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I got some tweets saved for later.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Happy Thanksgiving christian ❤️

ALIEN ARTIST: “خريف: Bitches eating already?” We ate over an hour ago. lmao

TRAP STEVE KERR: Alexander, WHITE PRIVILEGE IS DELICIOUS.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Guess I'll send a bunch of drunk texts....since I'm drunk off this pork...or whatever.

ALIEN ARTIST: CHESTIRON, lol Mine is going rather swell. Yours?

TRAP STEVE KERR: GIBBBBBBS! RT Freddie Gibbs: These fake ass celeb niggaz pass out turkey's for promo not the people. I feed mine daily.

EASY EARLY: Whoa “Tenn Peaches: “Not Queen Petty: Mostly RT Poetry In Motion : Men fun needs supervision.””

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I'd rather bring a woman home on Thanksgiving rather than Christmas

ALIEN ARTIST: خريف, lol Hell.. It was lunch time. And you know we skipped breakfast. lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Gotta text a bunch of people and tell them I love them...then blame it on the pork

ALIEN ARTIST: CHESTIRON, lol Saaaame here!
  Aubrey just got me together, though. "How dare you even believe for a second..." lmaoooo

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, yamless and bad macaroni and cheese over here.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: If I find some liquor tonight....man those texts that might be sent smh
  Miss Carter, stunning.

ALIEN ARTIST: “Supreme of Color: I want a second plate but I'm waiting for someone else to get up first 👀” Fuck that. Get'chu a piece!

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Older women are my weakness. I just need one to guide me to prosperity.

SKINNY LUTHER : General Patton. ♓, Chill Dauterive make the yams. EYE will make the mac and cheese.
  Today has proven that I can't trust anyone else's greens.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Miss Carter, more family around and gives me a chance to see how she interacts with the women in my family.

ALIEN ARTIST: “CBM: I want ❤️” 😱💌

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: The women in my family keep it real, so if they don't like you there's probably a good reason.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I love men's shoes. Don't have anyone to buy Cole Haans or Clarks for though 😔

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Miss Carter, that's interesting. Don't think I've heard of that before

ALIEN ARTIST: @Inalafp, Book me!

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Miss Carter, Well I'll definitely be looking for my invitation soon lol

ALIEN ARTIST: Supreme of Color, In the end, it's the shy ones who feel embarrassed because they ain' full. lol

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I crush hard.
  I'm thankful for every woman who has ever given me a chance. For a boy who had low self-esteem you helped me accept myself.
  Rudy Huxtable, Lol got ya

ALIEN ARTIST: “I am Him: “Jake from State Farm: "I am Him: Nap b4 dinner" &lt;== fat people tactics!” Damn right” Unless of course you're me.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I can't drink (yet) so I'm bout to be real reckless in these tweets.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Cunt is such a great word when used at the right time.

EASY EARLY: &lt;---- this guy “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): “Whitley GilbertWayne: I love men's shoes. Don't have anyone to buy Cole Haans or Clarks for though 😔” 👀”

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: The Queen, I would have came...if I was invited hmph
  Lexi just be stringing me along smh

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I need ham. Right the fuck now.

MEREDITH TRAY: My little cousin sprained his wrist trying to run off that red velvet cake high.

ALIEN ARTIST: Thankful for the cake Nick Jonas  brought. :)

MEREDITH TRAY: Somebody got caught cheating playing spades and it got real for a minute.

ALIEN ARTIST: Thankful for the doctrine of KHIA.

EASY EARLY: Jess, we haven't started 😕😕😕😕
  I hate the cowboys...

WOO: Lmfao

EASY EARLY: What happened Mary?
  She had several frogs in her throat.
  Only male cousin at thanksgiving... I've lost 10 pounds carrying shit already.

ALIEN ARTIST: IG: TheRealCeedro, Before you digivolved into BeastCoreymon.
  “Taee ✨: What the fuck are y'all eating?! 😫😷😷😷” Jaw of Bear.
  GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL, lmaoooo Desert Storm Turkey

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: If I say I don't know the answer to your question, don't try to rephrase it like I'm gon magically figure out how to answer your rabbit ass.

SKINNY LUTHER : When I tell y'all my grandmama turned what was supposed to be grace into full on altar call... I get it, but damn lol

WOO: My aunt lives in a real life gated community. These PG county folks rich fa real

SKINNY LUTHER : Why am I friends with y'all again? RT GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: The Beatitudes “Alien Artist: Thankful for the doctrine of KHIA.”

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: If your family didn't discuss Scandal, y'all ain't real.

SKINNY LUTHER : For the past 20+ years. RT Mary Bae Blige: RT Lana Del Bae: this flat ass scream Mary J keeps doing.

ALIEN ARTIST: Skinny Luther , GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL lmaooo 😂

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I don't know none of the answers. The answers can suck my dick. RT JuiceBear: Princeton Hernandez YOU DONT KNOW ALL THE ANSWERS, PRINCEY!!

KHIA: Or any one of my HIT Records😎  Thankful for every single hit I wrote Grateful for your 💛 and support😘

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Taking shots of DayQuil until I can get to the Hennessy.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Young Huxtable, gotta get hip. Start from season 1. It's the best show ever. EVER.

KENFUCIUS: Slayaaa , I heard Edgewood!

ALIEN ARTIST: “ Darian Clonts: $3.15 for some gas?!? Fuck you, Atlanta!” Wait... Last week I paid $3.27... in Albany, Ga...

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Young Huxtable, you're missing out 😒

ALIEN ARTIST: “GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Will always go “Sammich Artist: "Red Light Special" by TLC still goes!!!”” !! LISTEN!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: All these burnt turkeys on my timeline. Good work, my children.

ALIEN ARTIST: Brian Nieh, I'll help you perfect your knot.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Time for round 2 😋

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Miles Austin hairline wanna be my hairline so bad.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Tryna figure out if you're actually related to young shawty.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Dick Lebeaux, chill out.

KENFUCIUS: Turnt and I still haven't ate yet. Just been standing on the proch, getting drunk

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Danielle, J.D., lmfao
  Waist deep in yams....bout to black out

KARLITO CLARK: “Ebony Parii: Man I'm bored. If I had a boo thang I would've chilled w/ his people lol. But I don't. 😒”&lt;-see lol

KHIA: ☆♬THE REAL MZ BLUE™, Happy Thanksgiving ❤️

KARLITO CLARK: “Ebony Parii: Karlito Clark See what fool? Lol”&lt;-oh don't worry. Nothing important lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: A southern desert consisting primarily of chocolate RT “Alex: Wth are Chitterlings?”
  Alex, just kidding. It's pig intestines. Never had them. But they smell like sewage

BRO JACKSON: Just saw one of my friend's friends on IG. She was fine until I saw “collage student" in her bio.
  “collage student"? This girl has upwards of 400 followers and nobody helped her out..
  Filth Pope™, she on IG bro lol
  Doc McStuffins, they must not smh lol
  Doc McStuffins, what channel?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: What's a "special friend"?
  Light Yagami , lmaooo. Chill.

BRO JACKSON: Doc McStuffins, good look yo!

ALIEN ARTIST: IG: TheRealCeedro, I was crushing already.

BRO JACKSON: A$AP Pharoah (PhD), you need one bro. That's at least one bonus plate waiting for you with an extra side of yams.
  I'm sick. My momma sick. Pops sick. But bae coming through with the extra plate though

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Faded Thanksgiving Dinner.
  So full

TRAP STEVE KERR: My cousin's gf brought over a struggle cheesecake and we been laughing at her for an hour. :(
  Hate Dogg, lmao shut up bruh
  Lmaoooo RT Nasir Jones: Happy THuGzgivin!!!!   &amp; Happy FAMILY day to u n urz
  Nas gotta delete his Twitter for basketball reasons.
  NYG going 9-7 =(, lmao I'm trying not to be an asshole but this cake so rough dawg

BRO JACKSON: Doc McStuffins, lol thank you..but yeah I still have the series packed away with all my books

WOO: Yooooo 😳 M.  did she just kiss Duncan on that commercial?

TRAP STEVE KERR: Lmaoooo dawg I'm fed up!!! RT Speaker for the Live: Can't be the GOAT and tweet like your contact info to host parties is in ya bio...
  Nas is one plane emoji tweet away from me deleting Illmatic from my iTunes.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Best Buy must be sellin pussy.
  How did I miss this picture of Ray Allen sitting like Michelle Obama??

KHIA: Christian Ryan, Of course☺️

WOO: Yooooo 😩😩😩. My Aunty did that. I'm full and sleepy

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Hilarious how Naya Rivera is "Mychal's sister" to Football Twitter and Mychal Rivera is "Santana's brother" to the rest of the free world.

GUCCI VALENTINE: When I tell you my child is absolutely captivated by this Frankie Beverly &amp; Maze tribute? She hasn't moved. She knows good music.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: And I mean actual Football Twitter this time. Not you coons with floor model TVs and outdated jerseys.
  Trevor Chillips

WOO: My dawg can't spell shit right lmao. People been spelling thanksgiving ALL DAY but he still spells it wrong.

EASY EARLY: KNB., probably something we have to work on

WOO: M. , wtf. Lol. Man I can't wait now lol
  M. , oh and blacklist is gettin better n I'm only on the 3rd episode lol

KENFUCIUS: Hung Money, bruh, you were a fucking terrorist
  Modibo was one of the worst on here
  Woke up from the dead. Now where my drink bitch?

WOO: Where u at lil brah... I'll have somebody bring u somethin RT Ricky Ledo: Who from prov is in ATL I need a Plate lol
  Ricky Ledo, I'm in Maryland. Let me know when u get there so I can call someone. Mia n Kenny can bring u some too prolly

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Kathmandu went to visit my cousin Breezy in rehab for Thanksgiving. That, my good people, is an unprecedented amount of thirst.
  Fixed. RT crissle west: don't group message me if it's not PCE.

WOO: So we throwing fades to jacoby ford? Ok

TRAP STEVE KERR: I took a picture of the struggle cake but my mom won't let me post it. :(
  My uncle asked if we were going to see that new "Hobnob" movie (The Hobbit).
  My avatar is me, my cousin, and his Bluetooth. ❤️❤️❤️
  "I BE HERE ALL DAY EVERY DAY. IF THEY WANNA HOLLA AT ME, THEY CAN. BUT WHERE THEY BE AT?" - my cousin, Charlotte's Omar Little

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Lets discuss how I actually hate J The Deerbra Hunter 's laugh

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I'm so sleepy and tired....my neck is so weak....I'm like a bobble head

WOO: Ima just chalk this behavior up to the holiday

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I don't like crowds. And I don't like people in my personal space. Therefore Black Friday is a no go

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Black is beautiful/White is too/Depending not on whats in view/But what's beneath/And deep within/That black or white/Encasing skin" Gramps

TRAP STEVE KERR: I never understood how you don't "let" another adult do something lol.
  I only have one simple Christmas wish: I wish a nigga would.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: My mom is wearing these Cat in the Hat onesie footsie pajamas....childish. Just childish.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Undesirable #1: If your family is completely sober on thanksgiving, you aren't doing it right."

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: That Alex Guy., smhhhh

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I really do judge our generation harshly at how much of a sensation this Sharkeisha video has gotten. Got CBS &amp; other news sites showing it.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Norris Was The Same, Lmao fuck off Oui-Bae. Happy Thanksgiving.
  My mom called the cops on a drunk driver lol. M.otivated O.fficial M.aterial-witness.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I want to be happy Marissa Alexander is on house arrest, but she shouldn't even be in prison to begin with.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Double texts mean it's real?? Hmm *takes notes*

WOO: Thanksgiving over. Back to watching The Blacklist

GUCCI VALENTINE: Damn right. “Rudewig Baethoven The answer is yes. The answer is always yes.”

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Tom TibbehTOE, exactly what it sounds like lol

GUCCI VALENTINE: Rudewig Baethoven, Hey nigga boo! Happy Thanksgiving!

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Trust. What's that? Oh nothing. Just some shit to violate.
  Love. The other other white meat.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Rudewig Baethoven, You know I will. She got her first taste of real food today. So much excite, lol

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Primetime and It Won't Stop have very very very similar chord progressions.
  Hobbes, I'm aware.
  If you can't be good, be good at it.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Rudewig Baethoven, she was like, "Wait one damn second...WHATISTHISDELICIOUSNESSMYNIGGAYOUGOTSOMEMORE?!?!"

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Jasmine Hill, someone should face time/video chat me

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: You'll find out it's not worth it though.
  Get caught. Cry. And lose.
  So do right by people.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Jasmine Hill, yesss

GUCCI VALENTINE: Rudewig Baethoven, &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Jasmine Hill, I can't facetime an iphone..but I can google hangout/oovoo/skype on my phone

TRAP STEVE KERR: If anyone in Charlotte has one of those fancy ass hams with all types of wild flavors on the outside and/or a pecan pie, please @ me.
  The People Gawd, I'm sliding through, B.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Ares, smh lol
  Ares, my sole purpose in life 😈 muahaha

TRAP STEVE KERR: Bad Ass Trilly Gunn, The People Gawd Hate y'all

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Participation is cool until the tables are turned. Per usual.
  I have to work tomorrow.

ALIEN ARTIST: Manny K. Soul, In a good way, right?

TRAP STEVE KERR: Pric Flair, my cousin and his Bluetooth
  Pric Flair, might gotta run that pic byke lol

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: The insensitive being sensitive. Ew

TRAP STEVE KERR: I was talking so much shit and only had one plate. It's like when Joe couldn't finish his steak on Family Guy lol.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: We eating sweet potato pies like sandwiches dawg. LIKE SANDWICHES!

ALIEN ARTIST: “ChristopherPatterson: The insensitive being sensitive. Ew” Disgusting, unless it's on tv.

TRAP STEVE KERR: After my cousin started drunk yelling off the Paul Masson, I just tapped out.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Feel the shame “Skylar Cruz: That awkward moment when you overlook a good guy and then he gets a girlfriend and you feel some type of way”
  Gonna take the thanksgiving leftovers to random homeless people I see on the street tomorrow

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Black Friday shopping in Thursday night because this is America, and we're American. *Ricky Bobby voice*

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Idk about that. MLK was pretty close to hate “Spiritual Truths: The nearer you are to God, the further away you are from hate, pain &amp; anger.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I was in 11th grade when I found out pig in the blankets weren't common. I was baffled.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “Trixie Tang: I ate so good today man” big girls still hate you.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Ancient Chinese Secret 😎 RT Rural Juror: SIR PURR'S COUSIN brah... how yall do that? Deadass

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Gotta work 4-11 tomorrow....smh

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Nana had a good hunnit pigs in the blanket. Must've taken her days.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Same. RT Freddie Gibbs: I wish these niggaz would stop makin fake twitters to threaten me and just show up where I'm at.
  Bad Ass Trilly Gunn, The People Gawd NYG going 9-7 =( Hey besties. Y'all arguing?
  Stop arguing, bros, Natalia's here.
  Lmaooooo RT Dick Wolf: YOU AINT GOT THE ANSWERS NAT... “Trap Steve Kerr: Stop arguing, bros, Natalia's here.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Tweetin. Eyes closed just tweetin. Same city same friends if you looking for me.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Bad Ass Trilly Gunn, The People Gawd NYG going 9-7 =( Lmao I think it's corny too, but how can you truly explain why a song is dope to you??
  This is my fault for involving myself lmao. I don't wanna discuss that cornball brother on Thotsgiving.
  LMAO Mike Tomlin!
  Young Mike Tomlin was on the middle of the field. SWAG.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Lmfao

TRAP STEVE KERR: Doris is my favorite project of the year. ❤️
  I also enjoyed MNIMN, Yeezus, Stay Trippy, and 12 Reasons to Die.
  I did not enjoy MCHG. It made me unhappy, like when Obama first wore mom jeans.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: "Come on baby. You already started off on the wrong path. Might as well finish." -Mike,The Wood

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Let's play a game called "That's Not My Penis."

TRAP STEVE KERR: I really liked these exclusive copies of Detox and D'Angelo's album that Questlove forwarded to me.
  Speaker for the Live, SMH at you. You gotta open your heart to Kendrick and Earl, bro.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: blacky miles, don't have one of those.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Bad Ass Trilly Gunn, lmaooo

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: blacky miles, all neck and ankles. Dassit.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Also Danny Brown. And I liked that Hustle Gang tape and the Migos joint.
  Bad Ass Trilly Gunn, Nah I feel the same way. That mayne is pretty much washed up to me.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Heart and belly full. Goodnight my friends.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: This is so real RT Sharkeisha: "The only man a girl can depend on is her daddy.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Tawanda been funny as fuck lately. Respect.

SKINNY LUTHER : God is so good and faithful. Thanksgiving was extra special tonight.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Marlon Bando , I appreciate you. I really wanna see you prosper as a comedian.

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, go away lol

KENFUCIUS: They knocked his ass into next week. Jesus Christ

TRAP STEVE KERR: Mobbdeen, my big cousin
  Ricardo Finland, Young man been on 3 hunna for weeks.

KENFUCIUS: Wow. They should have gave him the TD. Baltimore trying to save face like shit smh

TRAP STEVE KERR: Y'all watching football instead of out fight-shopping for Acme brand flatscreen TVs for your family? Smh.
  Mobbdeen, LMAOOO. He's a two-time felon, I don't think so, babe. :(

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Brazy.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Dick Wolf, Mobbdeen LMAO I'm crying man. All he did was lift weights in the pen!
  My whole family full of 5'5" felons.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: AFC so trash smfh

TRAP STEVE KERR: LC , LMAO I love you

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: My team won 7 straight and y'all celebration 6 wins in the season. Pathetic.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Thor Odinson, well you didn't ask. And yes. Clearly.

WOO: Princess Jazmine , yea.... it's not that bad brah.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: This is sad.
  I can never get my life right because I'm constantly fixing someone else's.
  What if I gave a big fuck it. A fuck it to people who don't listen, don't respect, don't care. And I just lived my life for me and Princeton

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Gotta spin that JT 20/20 Experience.

KENFUCIUS: Childhood obesity is no joke dog
  "Black Friday? Do you have any idea how racist that sounds?"
  That's disrespectful af RT Ahmed/Big Business waaiiittt interscope trying to make 50 sign a 360 deal just to drop his album ??

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Ladies, if a guy wants to be in your presence after he has fapped then he genuinely might like you as a person

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Maryland Monrow ., that's exactly it. My life is built on fixing other peoples.

KENFUCIUS: Next season gonna be on 1000 RT Kris with a K : Aaron Mcgruder see all of this shit

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Young Yoda, the technical term is masturbation

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: This can't be healthy...but I can't stop 😩😍😁

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: You got good genes so a brother tryna cuff you.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: It's like our whole mind that was once clouded by filth is wiped clean and we see the world for what it is.
  You'll be hittin up girls to come thru and then you go fap....all of a sudden you're wondering why you really txt them

KENFUCIUS: Honey baked ham and Hennessy bruh. Deadly combo

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: These are the tweets of the street, for the people of the streets, thanks be to the streets.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Maryland Monrow ., it's taxing but god gives his biggies responsibilities to the ones he built to endure them. Atlas.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: "Let me hop off in the shower, get myself together I'ma need about a hour"

KENFUCIUS: Back in the city
  Albert Acestasia, shut the fuck up
  Albert Acestasia, Dope. Ate some ham, drank some liquor. Very Successful. You?
  Albert Acestasia, well forget I asked then, hoe

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Maryland Monrow ., push thru. Get your degree. Get your job. Get your crib. And be happy. BE HAPPY AND BE GREAT!
  James B. Pratt, Jr., oddly enough I get better from making others better. It's the gift and curse of leadership.

KENFUCIUS: Albert Acestasia, Nah, but I do need you to mail me some percocets

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Happy Train. Go.
  James B. Pratt, Jr., working on it

TRAP STEVE KERR: &lt;3 RT Yung Scalp Masseuse: There is something incredibly therapeutic about whippin' through Atlanta on the highway at night.
  Atlanta's the greatest city in America.
  Was Kilo Ali born in your piece-of-shit city? Didn't think so.
  God., christian I hope you guys come. :)))

KENFUCIUS: R.O.C, im still in GA just got back to my house and shit
  Everybody know the food tastes better the next day

TRAP STEVE KERR: About to sleep on the floor. :(
  Mobbdeen, Go home, slut.
  Someone gonna die tonight over a 24-inch television the size of my work monitor.

SKINNY LUTHER : Work at 6:45.... Bitch, listen.
  Jesus ain't even up that early.

KENFUCIUS: "Kilograms was the key to my success" RT Wayno: Ross verse on Mafia Music 2 one of the best verses i've ever heard in my life

SKINNY LUTHER : I set my alarm and the rest is up to The Good Lord.
  Chill Dauterive, my savior wears a durag, not a sombrero.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Mobbdeen, I had something filthy to say, but I'll save it. Happy Thanksgiving boo.

J. THUNDER: Just saying after yo lady done cooked/made your plate/put up with your crazy family you can have that last lil late night meal bro...

KENFUCIUS: Wayne with the game sealing bucket dog!

J. THUNDER: Brittany, ....The hell?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Sleep texting 😴

J. THUNDER: Unfair RT Grenadian Kitty : 13 y/o bringing her boo to Thanksgiving dinner and I'm over here single af. What is life?

KENFUCIUS: Crine O'clock dog
  USA showing the sex scene in Bridesmaids? Anything to keep up with cable

J. THUNDER: Brittany, Don't know if it's my fancy if I don't know what you talking about lol.
  260 pounds?!!!!!

KENFUCIUS: Left my fucking Stella's in my cousins car. Fucke

J. THUNDER: A chick sucking dick in her avi just got RT'd on my TL... Bruh.

KENFUCIUS: I had like 3 or 4. I was gonna crush those asap. Smh

J. THUNDER: Angela Pope, It would of been 0 if I found lmao. Call up pookie 'n em and we OUT. It's about to be a GREAT holiday lmao

KENFUCIUS: You swear your one of those fuck ass baseball writers RT Andy: Is Ken Griffey Jr. a HOF player? I vote no.
  That fool smoking rocks RT Not Averman: Dog. There’s no way in hell Griffey isn’t a first ballot HOF
  Ken Griffey saved baseball in Seattle dog….against the Yankees….to win the ALDS. He's first ballot
  Tom TibbehTOE, check my TL. This nigga smoking wet
  Really not surprised anymore
  Wait…why the fuck do have 4 baseball teams? RT Andy: I love getting everyone all riled up
  Fuck all his teams dog. Red Sox or go take a bullet shower

J. THUNDER: I just want to cuddle up right now.
  Brittany, I'd be down to though.

KENFUCIUS: Italians too RT Just Call Me Great: That Ed Hardy shit was true faggot apparel.
  Them Italian niggas had the Ed Hardy game on smash in HS dog
  Remember that Von Dutch shit? Smh RT Jason: Muthafuckers were rocking bedazzled dragon shirts thinking that shit wasn't gay. Yikes.

J. THUNDER: Brittany, Depends on the length though. With both really.
  Chill Dauterive, Middle to pre school
  Chill Dauterive, Yeah I think she sits as the principal of one of them.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: So, congrats to the person who broke in my car to steal a bag of cold medicine and deodorant. You bout to fuck em up in the club with that.

J. THUNDER: My back and lower back most def got to get some healing hands on them.

KENFUCIUS: Rebound RT jay: black knight RT Wayno: Big mommas house is martins worst work
  Martin Lawrence has his string of bad movies, but Eddie Murphy still holds that crown

EASY EARLY: Ulandria Marlece, be bullshittin
  Mona , fuckin hilarious

J. THUNDER: God brother got to freestyle in front of Nas. Low key hate his ungrateful soul.
  Light skinned muhfuckas man.

KENFUCIUS: National Security was tight…even if it was a blatant rip off of Blue Streak
  Nah , I fuck with "What's The Worst That Could Happen?". Bad reviews but the comedy was good

EASY EARLY: U been super drake-ish lately. We r growing up “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): I wanna b with one woman...dassit”

KENFUCIUS: She played herself RT jay: lynn whitfield has crazy down PAT.

J. THUNDER: Bed time. Kind of miffed and frustrated with some things.

EASY EARLY: Lmaooo... The plight of all men “Harry Powwwder : RT if She flirt with u on the tl then ignore tf outa ya DM”

KENFUCIUS: Slept on heavily RT Nah : Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins was def funny.
  RIP Michael Clark Duncan
  Hervis, offer them hoes a bump of coke and watch the show
  If we're talking Martin where he doesn't have to share top billing, Blue Streak is his best film
  Nothing To Lose up there for me too, but he shared that spotlight with Tim Robbins, who 3 years prior was in Shawshank Redemption
  Colin Craeckernick, you'd think she would know better….being in the army and all
  Colin Craeckernick, fucking children...
  Peace, gawd(s)

J. THUNDER: I know I do. RT Σtoney P. Newton: Greeks hate Greeks more than GDI's do

KC_MASTERPIECE: I just wonder... how do ppl decide to try crack and crystal meth?
  I feel like most blk Friday sales suck. I won't be fooled
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), that means you're dependable
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), bad boys finish last. Be nice
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), lol good question. I clearly need to reevaluate
  Pablo Sanchez, nah man. Can't we just all get along

J. THUNDER: Can't sleep.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Pablo Sanchez, yesss, probably them ratchets
  Pablo Sanchez, it's an ugly world. We are all struggling
  Too bad ppl don't come with their personality traits printed on their foreheads. Life would be easier

WOO: I'm so fuckin sick of these cry baby ass hoes man. Why u don't hit me. Why u be MIA. Why this y that. Cuz I don't fuckin like you brah. Damn
  Shit be so annoying. If a person don't hit u.... You aren't on their mind. They don't fuck wit U like that. Take the hint n say fuck it
  We've all had to take a hint before. Shit.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Pablo Sanchez, I do need to make my way back
  Rt Kellen Nelson “John Stockton  I just want me and the people I surround myself with to be great””
  Can someone please turn to the ID channel?
  This lady is married. Has an affair then decides to move the lover into the house and has his sleep and stay in a large closet
  Her husband had no clue. Ridiculous
    Queen Justine, this shit is fucking nuts. I'm lost
  Young View, no she has her lover in the staying in the closet. The lover is found and kills the husband

BRO JACKSON: Awake watching movies because fuck Black Friday.
  I'm not catching charges because somebody wants to act reckless over a discount.
  I like people but not enough to not drop kick the shit out you in the store. Don't get hurt for an extra 10% off.
  I should probably be sleep...
  Chill Dauterive, I took 2 naps yesterday though
  Since I'm up then I might as well start finalizing my gift list..got a few people to bless

PABLO SANCHEZ: You didn't speak up until you moved away smh
  The weak ass horoscopes are starting to flood my TL
  “Thug Life Kitty: My back is in so much pain I can't lay down”---what yoooou been doing?
  “Thug Life Kitty: Pablo Sanchez nothing at all this kitty gets no action trust me”---oh damn
  “Rissa RHOzay!: I'm being boosted on twitter tonight...if only y'all knew I get curved on a daily basis.. Lol”
  Thug Life Kitty, yup daily lol
  My twitter is fuck in up again, now it changed my avi and says I have 100 followers smh
  Thug Life Kitty, shit got real hunh?
  Thug Life Kitty, lol thank the sex gods
  Thug Life Kitty, lmaooo
  I thought I could turn a hoe into a house wife when I was a junior at Morehouse, epic fail lol
  Jessiker, lol ok
  I see Ashley is still lying smh
  “General Patton. ♓: I wont even talk about the number of times ive been curved. Smh shit depressing b”---stop the lies bruh
  Let me hush before I get curved again
  General Patton. ♓, I didn't curve you tho
  Retailers raise prices months before "Black Friday" so that when they have those crazy deals, they would have already made their profit
  Most of those cheap TVs and laptops are trash anyway! Who still watches tv in 720p? Naw bruh
  “General Patton. ♓: I be telling people. Black Fri deals aint shit compared to like the week after Christmas.”---exactly
  Most of those TVs are refurbished or back stock from years ago
  But y'all love those so called Black Friday deals
  “♥KyndallsSuperhero♥: Good morning to everyone who sees this!!! Unless you off of work today...fuck you pal! Lol”--rude ass
  Get to see my boo today...y'all care!
  ✌, already? Lol
  ♥KyndallsSuperhero♥, I see this phrase called "no chill" lol
  Who wants to watch the iron bowl today?
  ♥KyndallsSuperhero♥, just make sure those notes go in the joke section, cool? Cool...

WOO: Maaaan M.  Reddington her dad huh? I knew that shit. Or am I wrong. He just killed her "dad" at the hospital.

PABLO SANCHEZ: I need a new iPhone case, that expensive ass waterproof case makes my phone too damn big
  Well there goes that smh
  ✌, oh no, I'm not even fucking with it lol
  Miss Oxymoron, lol don't be like that homie...
  Johnston &amp; Murphy has a sale after Christmas, and there will be no line because you niggers will be waiting for the new Jordans...
  Rissa RHOzay!, is that the name of the case?
  Sooooo you put them in a difference section yet? Lol
  Ok good lol praise god!
  Fuck this terrible ass sleeping pattern I have...now watch me be sleepy by 7pm smh
  ♥KyndallsSuperhero♥, what? Wait? Why? Lol
  Rissa RHOzay!, ok thanks
  Colts fan all day!
  War Eagle &lt; Love Dove
  My dad gets more love on my IG then I do
  I post a pic of him, it gets 65 likes, I post a pic of me I only get 45 likes lol
  Not gonna respond to cierra's tweet smh
  Blu Up Quick, well you just out yourself out there, nobody knew if I was talking about you?
  Might stay in the house all day, no reason to leave now
  Blu Up Quick, naw I'm straight bruh
  Michelle, really?!?!
  Michelle, see how you do smh lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: To say I feel like death right now would be sugar-coating it.
  T. Westfield, Clutch, none of us want think about anything coming out of your asshole at 8 am.

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Typo game strong. I don't give a fuck.

BEAR : Bulletproof Today. Aint playing around with NObody...

PABLO SANCHEZ: Fish Fry Shawty, bruh "girls gone wild" came on my pandora, had a flash back to Athens! Lol
  “TTT: I would rather watch amateur flicks more authentic”
  Shawty shawty do it shawty shawty do ittttttt

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Yung Cellulite, homosexual.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Britni, let me get my hoodie n keys and I'm ready

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: T. Westfield, Clutch, I hate you.

PABLO SANCHEZ: I am A. , yea and I'm still trying to fight off a cold so I don't sleep much

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I have to go to the Perimeter Apple Store at some point today to pick up an order. I would rather self-amputate.
  T. Westfield, Clutch, HATE. it's still here. it just got stronger.

WOO: In here gettin it one time

PABLO SANCHEZ: I am A. , it's all goooood

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Ooh I want J. Christopher's but I bet that bitch is stupid packed today.
  Also, I'm sick and everything tastes like the back of a knee to me right now, so...... what's the point.
  Dev said the other day that J. Christopher's is like the white version of Thumbs Up, and he ain't never been more righter.

GUCCI VALENTINE: Gotdammit, American Matthew is inspiring.
  Weave makes an excellent gift.

WOO: I can't drink you away

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Didn't consume a single fat ass plate this Thanksgiving. I win. When y'all see me in the streets, don't speak.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Some heauxes shop at Payless and some of y'all hoes is Bae-less lol

WOO: Y'all make sure y'all catch my lil homie Juan Anderson game at 3:30 on ESPN

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Just got back into Atlanta and got a speeding ticket not 10 min from the crib.
  At least he knocked the speed down so it shouldn't be too much but damn I don't need anymore bills right now
  I don't need these problems smh

SKINNY LUTHER : I'm over today already.

EASY EARLY: They only call it BLACK Friday because everything is such a steal. Smh. Racism at its finest.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Public service does not rest

PULLEY: Got a Christmas tree.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: If you and/or you family don't eat leftovers and you have a whole bunch of food left, don't trash it! Make plates. Feed the hungry/homeless!

EASY EARLY: Martie McFly, u stay arguing with me for the sake of arguing

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I really don't wanna work today. I hope they sell every shoe they have before I go in

EASY EARLY: Watchin Harry potter... I forgot the vampire was in this movie

WOO: But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing
  And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough
  No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number
  I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: When I get off work. I'm turning up. Who's down?

MEREDITH TRAY: No Mac n cheese. What a filthy ass Thanksgiving this is.
  And let me say one more thing. If you make the sweet potato pie, buy a beater or a mixer. It's not that hard to whip the strings.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Yeap. Not feeling so good this morning

EASY EARLY: Martie McFly, did u leave your sense of humor somewhere?

WOO: King Brenton, brah I enjoy good music lol.

EASY EARLY: At one point, Martie McFly told me she wanted to have my children. Def not with her acting like this.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I like Atlanta. It's a pleasant city. Not too big and not too small.

WOO: Will I get any Xmas gifts tho? lol

KENFUCIUS: "Hit me". Jason Kidd is fucking tripping

WOO: Danae, I don't know why u thought that lol. That's my mom

KENFUCIUS: Heh RT Gaming Facts & Humor: EA aiming to be “remembered and respected for the games” it makes.

EASY EARLY: Martie McFly, don't hit below the belt.

WOO: Danae, I mean... It's all I know but yea.... I take gifts. U gettin me one? 😁

EASY EARLY: My grown ass brother is feasting on animal crackers... “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): Barnum animal crackers taste like sugary cardboard and defeat”
  QTNA “ Brother Flourish: Escorts* "Nerd Ferg: Uh oh RT G. : Do strippers make 20k a month?"”

WOO: Danae, lol. I'll send u my list. It's rather short. 😂

EASY EARLY: Like cousin like cousin “M.S.W.: Watching these Harry Potter movies eating leftovers. The thuggish of lives.”
  A$AP Pharoah (PhD), Tenn Peaches indeed I did. I conceit.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Screw clothes; give me black Friday discounts for Sallie Mae and application fees!

KENFUCIUS: Somebody bring me some leftovers mane

J. THUNDER: Didn't sleep well at all last night. Not feeling today...

KENFUCIUS: Jaymilz., all these hypebeast colorways are sickening

J. THUNDER: Low key don't have the energy for my family right now.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Why am I at Perimeter. Why am I at Perimeter. Why am I at Perimeter. Why am I at Perimeter. Why am I at Perimeter. Why am I at Perimeter.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Can't stop watching Tomlin hit that mean slide off the field. Comedy.
  Relatable. RT Freddie Gibbs: I don't kill niggaz with kindness I got bullets for that.

KENFUCIUS: Jaymilz., and those dropped 4 years ago….smh

J. THUNDER: sugar mama* I need to go to an old head AKA chapter. RT LaLa ✌: I need a sugar daddy for the holidays 😩

KENFUCIUS: Don Draper, use your external hard drive on the xbox

TRAP STEVE KERR: Weren't we supposed to get some new Gibbs over the holiday?? Need dat.

EASY EARLY: Chill. “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): I like hips and thighs and ass...hence my previous infatuation with k...nvm”

TRAP STEVE KERR: Ricardo Finland, That's what I thought too.

EASY EARLY: A$AP Pharoah (PhD), bro... Go follow MissJamieJones

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Match? KING AKIN RT Pulley: Got a Christmas tree.

KENFUCIUS: Live.Love.ASAP was such a fire mixtape

EASY EARLY: Lmaoooo. I'm taking a nap “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): “The legend of loud: Big Belly Rude Boy probably getting ran” I just screamed and threw my phone”

J. THUNDER: I'm really really not feeling today. I'm trying to but nigga...

KENFUCIUS: King Sleepy, Man, dope ass series. Season 2 is the end tho smh
  King Sleepy, January, I believe

EASY EARLY: My friends are ratchet as hell. I'm only ratchet by association.
  MissJamieJones, I hope not. If it is, we got work to do...

TRAP STEVE KERR: Ricardo Finland, Yeah, I ain't gonna tweet him about it either. Don't want the young man to kill me with kindness OR bullets.
  I'll never forget the one and only time I smelled chitlins at the caf at NCCU. I thought I was dying. Or someone else had died.
  Peace to anyone purposefully reheating food like that on this fine Friday that the Lord has made.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Yung Cellulite, old white bitches. old white pedophiles. Asians. trap fags. fag fags. bougie Mexicans. If that's everything then I don't want SHIT.
  Did I ever tell y'all the story of when that old bitch at Perimeter reached in my bag and told me I don't need to spend so frivolously??

EASY EARLY: Stacy and Polo are NIGGERS!!!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Somebody's nana almost got folded up like some fresh laundry that day.
  Crying. RT Yung Cellulite: never been to Greenbriar or South DeKalb bc God has bigger plans for me.
  Chaos and Disorder, crossed my mind, but I had to remind myself God was already rolling the credits on her old ass.

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, I used to hate when my sister rapped that and the lil Kim version

TRAP STEVE KERR: Young shawty gonna cop a couple more bourbon cardamom candles from Poor Home. House is gonna smell like WEALTH.

KARLITO CLARK: Morning World

ELEANOR RIGBY: Yung Cellulite, lmaooooo it's cute if you're an Atlanta gay. And you are.

WOO: M. , yea I figured tho. He was too concerned. Cared too much. I'm all caught up tho. Watched episode 9 this am

ELEANOR RIGBY: I don't wear mesh shirts, though. That's for white gays who watched The New Normal.

TRAP STEVE KERR: I'm glad I no longer have to eat Thanksgiving leftovers for like a week afterward. That used to stress me out.

KARLITO CLARK: “Dwayne Dorsey Jr.: Karlito Clark how u living bruh”&lt;-living. All I can call it

ELEANOR RIGBY: Yung Cellulite, you don't know fashion!

EASY EARLY: I really wish I could work from home forever...

ELEANOR RIGBY: Yung Cellulite, fuck you. lmaoooo

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, whoa... This a pandora lyric too?
  Short walk then? “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): Nice leisurely stroll around Philly on a nice late morning to clear my mind”

TRAP STEVE KERR: You can get 30% off a book (not e-book) on Amazon using the code BOOKDEAL. The trick is to buy the most expensive book on your reading list.
  I've been wanting this $32 book on whiskey for the longest. Finally copped today with the promo code.

EASY EARLY: The head I'm about to give this leftover plate tho...
  MissJamieJones, preach the gospel.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Don Diego de la Vega, Crying dawg. Respect.

EASY EARLY: “Mary Bae Blige: RT Chi Like Da Flatiron: "Fine" includes figure along with face”

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Sneaky KeKe : Moving is so expensive”

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Chasing is a 2 ppl game.... The chasie has to want to be caught by the chaser!! Idk why you girls let niggas chase what can't be caught!!

TRAP STEVE KERR: These ham sammich tweets making me cry. No ham was had at dinner yesterday.

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, also makes it look like u really gets no buns...

TRAP STEVE KERR: Drugsy Bogues , Bruh I hate leftovers lol. After like the first day or two after Thanksgiving, I was ready to blow the fridge up.

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, not all boys

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Keisha: Job had firehouse cater lunch for the afternoon sales floor team 🙌”---I'll work there just got those kinda perks!
  “EverybodyHatesSteffy: Some of you men are just as crazy if not crazier, than some women. That's a fact.”--we make each other crazy

EASY EARLY: “W.E.B.B.I.E DuBois: Turkey sandwiches. Turkey pot pies. Turkey soup.”
  MissJamieJones, that's fair. U got it.

PABLO SANCHEZ: EverybodyHatesSteffy, lol true, of course the root cause is kinda hard to determine but case by case, it goes back to the one man not having a dad

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, I see u. Educate me on the world then.
  Baby mama drama “[melissa]: Easy Early I hope you out shopping for gifts for your son today. Lil Trey need some Jordan's too”

PABLO SANCHEZ: EverybodyHatesSteffy, no not at all, but it's a big factor. I took part in study on that and it goes back to slavery time
  EverybodyHatesSteffy, and the phase where the kids and men are "separated" and not allowed to learn how to be a man

EASY EARLY: YES! ARE U HAPPY NOW??? “[melissa]: Easy Early was that a yes or no??”
  Sorry... 😕 “[melissa]: Easy Early I'm sorry are you yelling at me?!! Your caps lock better be accidentally stuck negro!”

J. THUNDER: In a terrible mood. Don't want to be but can't shake it...

PABLO SANCHEZ: EverybodyHatesSteffy, mothers these days are super moms, sometimes making miracles on a daily basis...but it's a viscous cycle started somewhere
  EverybodyHatesSteffy, yea but again I'm agreeing with you though

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: "Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man" is garbage. Pure flaming trash.

EASY EARLY: Take a shot “MissJamieJones: I can't sleep to save my life and lord knows I'm sleepy”
  Idk when polo became light skinned but I'm sick and tired of this shit

PABLO SANCHEZ: EverybodyHatesSteffy, yea it's deep, it made me look at a lot of things differently

EASY EARLY: Can come dope chick just come and take him away.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Overgeneralizations. Racial and gender stereotypes. Overcomplicating relationships. Trash trifecta.

EASY EARLY: Niggas want returns on their investments nowadays. Is that so wrong?

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Healthy relationships dont revolve around gender roles.

ELEANOR RIGBY: So I have to work for the next two hours. Which really means I'm going to get lost on the internet for the next two hours.
  So if ever you wanted to be amusing or purposely funny, now's the time to do it.
  Or otherwise, i'm going to looks at fashionable shirts.
  Yes, it's called college. RT Smaug Da Magnificent: Could you live off 1k a month?

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Steve Harvey got y'all thinking all black men garbage.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , ew. If you like it, I don't want it.

J. THUNDER: Maryland Monrow ., yeah this shit sucks. It's all beautiful out and I'm just like... fuck happiness and bacon!

EASY EARLY: Women must think this chivalry shit is cheap and easy. U out of all sorts of resources if u do the chivalry thing and then lose.

PABLO SANCHEZ: yazmine alaina, of course homie lol

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , Nope. I don't have the same fashion sense as a trapsissy. Thank you, but no thank you.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Steve Harvey got y'all thinking every black man got a scheme or a playbook. Naaaah, bae.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , UM. You can stop.

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, nahhhh I don't care what u call me. Just don't call me broke. Living here is love because the ratio is 14-1

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , I don't have any ass. I got the ass of an 80s soccer mom.

EASY EARLY: Living in ATL is a win for an African American male; in more areas than just dating.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , You may stop now. You can stop so much now that you never started.
  Why did Jordan wake up and decide to troll me?
  Micheal Baesdan , get away from me, trapstar.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: This Sevyn EP is another example of being really fucking good AND mildly to substantially overdone at the same time.

EASY EARLY: Mr. STiLLiGRiND , u know u r suppose to give one gift a day for Kwanzaa right? 7 days straight...

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , FLAT. I accept who I am. Now you must accept it.

EASY EARLY: Mr. STiLLiGRiND , lol true. I'm hittin michaels and gettin on that tip wit u

KENFUCIUS: W.E.B.B.I.E DuBois, Seiko has some nice watches for under $500

KARLITO CLARK: I'm just trying to make others around me great.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: LMAO no it didn't. RT #TexansUp: This is what happens when niggas get a good thing going. We fuck it up. BSO had potential

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Black Friday shopping from bed is so stressful. *wipes sweat*

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , I'm literally sitting on my shoulder blades every time I sit down.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: He named his site Black Sports Online. He never wanted to go anywhere with this. Nevermind the fact that he talks about fall fashion trends.

SKINNY LUTHER : As tired as I am, I'm still driving to ellenwood for some mac and cheese after work.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Skinny Luther , get me some. (yams are implied)

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: My timeline provides more sports coverage than BSO. And all I do is cuss my Falcons out and dickride King Kobe.

KARLITO CLARK: Having family time w/ moms &amp; pops today. The movies &amp; whatever arguments we have.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I should start a sports website and get people to send me nudes.
  Maybe he's on to something....

SKINNY LUTHER : Eleanor Rigby, so... It'll be at my auntie/mama's house. Thank you for making this mildly awkward and somewhat gross.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Online shopping can be stressful. Especially when something runs out of stock after you put it in your shopping cart.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , WRONG. MY ASS IS LIKE A TWO PARENT BLACK HOUSEHOLD; HARD TO FIND.
  Skinny Luther , um, LOLOL. I meant the candied kind, harlot.
  Micheal Baesdan , WHAT IS THIS.

SKINNY LUTHER : Eleanor Rigby, LMFAO, am I trash?

ELEANOR RIGBY: n/a, go get rest or you're gonna crash HARDBODY.
  Skinny Luther , no, just tir--well, yes.
  Micheal Baesdan , OH, I READ THAT LIE.

WOO: M. , yea u definitely did. Lol. Now u gotta start watching the following because the season 2 premiere is on jan 19th

ELEANOR RIGBY: 1 hour and 30 minutes to go.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Unparalleled commitment to this food game. RT Skinny Luther : Tired as I am, still driving to ellenwood for some mac &amp; cheese after work
  I wouldn't even drive to Ellenwood for..... y'all carry on, saints.

KC_MASTERPIECE: The thought of dealing with traffic and crowds is not helping me leave my apt

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I'm a star. Somebody lied, I got a choppa in the car.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , I MAD AT YOU TRYING TO TO SCANDALIZE MY NAME. I don't have an ass, Jordan. You can ask my bf.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Bitchie Incognito, so he gets to be semi-mainstream sports media's "black friend." no respect in that. oh btw, HIS WRITING IS TRASH TRASH TRASH.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Looking in my fridge is ocerwhelming. Way too much food. Def went overboard. I'm trying to give most of it away

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Lmaooo RT “uché: Whitley GilbertWayne don't you have someone to curve?”

KC_MASTERPIECE: I got foil and cling wrap. Just come with a plate and smile

SKINNY LUTHER : Princeton Hernandez, you see me.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Retweeted for the womenfolk. I know y'all felt Marni on that one.
  Today, my ham drought ends. Don't call my phone until Monday. This is a private and intimate experience for the both of us.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Michelle's face.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Jessicuh. , I KNEW YOUR BREAD LOVING BLACK WOMAN ASS WOULDNT BE TOO FAR BEHIND

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , but he barely talks to me......

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Eleanor Rigby, suck my dick.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, that's why we both work...right?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Bitchie Incognito, why can't you just usurp him? you have breasts. that alone is... nvm. just remembered this is sports media we're talking about

ELEANOR RIGBY: Micheal Baesdan , maybe you should stay the fuck out of our business.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Jessicuh. , good luck. these legs took years of marching and dancing and jigging in the clubhouse and running after Jesus.

EASY EARLY: Now if I'm on my phone I'm prob playing candy crush...

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I am what everybody in my past don't want me to be. Guess what I made it doe, I'm the muhfuckin man.

ELEANOR RIGBY: The sad part is no one is talking about poverty in America.

KARLITO CLARK: Man listen the way I feel I wanna get back to AL so fast it's not even funny.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Bitchie Incognito, I want you on TV or radio!! You should seriously, seriously pursue this.

KARLITO CLARK: It's not like I got anything to do but I miss my job &amp; being on my own.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Jessicuh. , get your microwave ponytail wearing ass away from me, Rae.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Because that's the best place for her.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Lana Del Bae

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: ⚾ZATOVEN⚾, KING AKIN Sunday

ELEANOR RIGBY: n/a, good!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Kanye's Adidas deal means Kanye's life is about to end shortly. And by his life, I mean his life.

KARLITO CLARK: Robyn De La Silvia, I guess those ppl trying have some good times I see

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Lana Del Bae, I mean.... I'm not feeling very well at the moment. Is that not what you meant??

PABLO SANCHEZ: yazmine alaina, lmaoo I'll take that win with dignity but it's cool I'll be in ATL waiting lol

ELEANOR RIGBY: One more hour at work and then I'm free to buy khakis and liquor!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Lana Del Bae, *grabs chest like Fred Sanford* ..... WAIT THATS WHAT THAT MEANS??? MY GOD, WHO RAISED YALL.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: Oomfs always get curved I see. Smh”---yea I took another L smhhh

ELEANOR RIGBY: Aretha really had no problem singing a person's song better than them right in front of them.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, not yet lol

KENFUCIUS: Punch Drunk Love x Common ft. Kanye West

TRAP STEVE KERR: King Sleepy, I should report you as spam bruh.

KC_MASTERPIECE: It's crazy how much I don't have to do this coming week.

ELEANOR RIGBY: LOLOLOLKNKING:LSKNDFL  RT Mr. Lucas: "Slave" is used to loosely.”
  Slave is not a derogatory term.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm sure I'll enjoy this quietness once this other job starts

TRAP STEVE KERR: I need at least 80% of these items.

ELEANOR RIGBY: People were actual slaves.

KENFUCIUS: Stoney Newsome., or were you giving me the 👀?

KC_MASTERPIECE: Biggest pet peeve Rt AB I hate the sound of people chewing or slurping...ughhh 😫😫😖😖 I can't concentrate!!!!”

ELEANOR RIGBY: LMAOOOOOOO
  WHY WAS THAT SO FUNNY TO ME.

KC_MASTERPIECE: AB, I will get an attitude so fast.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I wouldn't be offended if someone said slave. Slaves were the protagonists in history's melodrama.
  As fixed as my heart is, i'm not going into a spiel about slaves. Not doing it.

KC_MASTERPIECE: The gym is a must today. Rt PETTY PENDERGRASS Let me get high man I ain't gotta hit the gym today”

SKINNY LUTHER : Princey. RT Princeton Hernandez: I wouldn't even drive to Ellenwood for..... y'all carry on, saints.

KC_MASTERPIECE: AB, lmao. We are the same person

ELEANOR RIGBY: LMAO. "Slave" is used loosely. You know what's not used loosely enough? Shutting the fuck up.

KC_MASTERPIECE: PETTY PENDERGRASS, so did I. But I've been slacking all week

TRAP STEVE KERR: Thinking about copping this shower Bluetooth speaker so I can listen to "Shoulder Lean" 17 times before work.

KC_MASTERPIECE: There are so many dilemmas about venturing out today.

SKINNY LUTHER : DivinelySecularOne, Princeton Hernandez tell him!

PABLO SANCHEZ: yazmine alaina, man whatever lol we gone see

ELEANOR RIGBY: LOLOL RT Fee: I still agree with my sentiment that under $20,000 a month is poor unless you're very frugal.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Rude Rt PETTY PENDERGRASS KC_Masterpiece sounds personal I'm 5 days strong this week well 4 cuz I missed Sunday”

ELEANOR RIGBY: I want to sext.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm nieces a like true sour patch kids
  Yesterday I woke up by getting two kisses on my forehead, and the two smallest ones saying how much they loved me
  Our day ended by 2 screaming and me yelling for them to get out my house. Wish i had it on video. The devil just ed in me
  That's that exciting love lol

EASY EARLY: DivinelySecularOne, can u make me some Mac and cheese
  the 316 , AEC wait... That's it? Can a brotha get a sweet-n-low packet or something

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: If you don't have tickets tonight for the PJ Morton show, get them now. This will be a sold out show.

EASY EARLY: NOT ONE “MissJamieJones: No man likes an insecure woman”
  . Saison Margeurite avi says anything and everything BUT Black Friday

KC_MASTERPIECE: Thats sinful Rt #HonaCostello Damn it, I ran out of coffee.”
  The more free time I have, the more irresponsible I become
  I Have no reaso to rush and get things done.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Chill Scott, I got the point. But I don't like the fact he's making being a slave a shameful thing.
  Chill Scott, And it appears that he only has chattel slavery in mind. He should put more emphasis on the dismantling consumerism than....
  Chill Scott, attributing negative connotations to words.

KC_MASTERPIECE: They are some crazy kids, but im in love Rt   Queen Justine KC_Masterpiece lol y'all are so cute. I wish I had some little nieces/nephews”

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Trill Gates. : anyone need my christmas list ;  text me.”

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Wishing Trinidad Jame$ a great show tonight. Positive movement in the making.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Next time just say something is used out of the appropriate context.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “Because im Black? ™: Derrick Rose is going to end up like Penny Hardaway” man. Sad but true

ELEANOR RIGBY: They're practically my cousins now. RT Mrs. Westlake: I cannot deal with Sasha and Malia! Grown women. I love them.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Lebron is the T-Mac and the Penny that never made it.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I'm going to start photoshopping myself into all the Obama pictures.
  Mrs. Westlake, Well then I guess we related! Because i'm definitely in the Robinson family.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Some of the most complex things come done to choice

ELEANOR RIGBY: The Clark Sisters had Thanksgiving at Jacky's and forgot to invite me again. UGH.

TRAP STEVE KERR: I remember Qua'Jerian Johnson  said his beard and mustache ain't connect 'til he got laid off. You young thundercats just gotta keep striving.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Jacky's house is beautiful. Like she.
  ew. Why did I just say it like that?

KC_MASTERPIECE: My kids and I are gonna sing mo town hits in the car
  My kids will be well rounded geniuses Rt Jo$hua KC_Masterpiece damn those were the days.....”

TRAP STEVE KERR: Hey Suga Duga, lmaoooo go away!

ELEANOR RIGBY: Julian Shirtsinger, where are you buying it from? Targeé?
  Julian Shirtsinger, like they don't have it currently or they aren't selling it?

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Migos dropped one of the hottest projects of the year man. YRN a classic.

ALIEN ARTIST: Lee Murray III, At home. Wassup?

TRAP STEVE KERR: christian, I say this EVERY YEAR. It's such a meaningful song.

EASY EARLY: Here we go... “MissJamieJones: My next tweet was not gonna be nice”
  This plate if leftovers is my bae

TRAP STEVE KERR: Hey Suga Duga, lmao yeah them titties aight, but damn those pics were different lol

ELEANOR RIGBY: Julian Shirtsinger, go to the actual store. It's cheaper there.
  Look at me. Being nice.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Hey Suga Duga, yeah that's what I mean, they looked mad different without the special effects

ELEANOR RIGBY: I have to note every time i'm nice or a good friend because no one (read: my friends) believe I am.
  I'm a good friend. My soul is just weary most of the time.

KC_MASTERPIECE: "Stepmom" is such a good movie.
  If I can cry and laugh in the same film, it's a winner

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Kim got pregnant, had a baby, and now her body is Mexican. No returning from that.

SKINNY LUTHER : Receive it. RT Trap Steve Kerr: Thinking about copping this shower Bluetooth speaker so I can listen to "Shoulder Lean" 17 times before work.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm excited to go to my kids school performances. Nothing like kids singing songs off beat and out of tune

ELEANOR RIGBY: Chill Scott, I definitely get what you're say and I agree.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: J  I  Λ, I'm so emotional. all I know is emotions. no sex, let's just talk and cry.

SKINNY LUTHER : For the intercessory prayer. RT A$AP Pharoah (PhD): Why tf u came?! RT air-ree-ul. : What you mean you ain't nasty?

ELEANOR RIGBY: Was gonna buy khakis today but it's too cold. And I don't like clothes that look picked over.
  Stuck with nothing to do again.

ALIEN ARTIST: Lee Murray III, Where you wanna go, heaux?

ELEANOR RIGBY: Antique Road Show!

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Helping people is really fulfilling. We all should do it more often.

KC_MASTERPIECE: My favorite thrift store is 50% off today. I'm fighting the urge
  "There's a fine line between determination and desperation"

EASY EARLY: When u finally pass that level on candy crush &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

PULLEY: Young Huxtable, everyone could've beat them...they didn't

KARLITO CLARK: Yesterday made me realize ppl gonna talk bout you regardless and will always talk bout you

KC_MASTERPIECE: Dont push me lol Rt ☀Proverbs31Woman☀ KC_Masterpiece do it! You deserve it!”
  Opened my mail box and my school was sure kill any thoughts of blk Friday shopping
  My stomach is in knots. My money stays spent before I see it

KARLITO CLARK: Bout see Best Man Holiday w/ the parentals.
  No matter how old you get if someone not willing to spiritually grow then they never will maturely grow and hence always be a child.

KC_MASTERPIECE: As of right now I actually have a refund. It's amazing how things change and work
  I would like to believe with so many great things happening, I must be living life the way God intended.

GUCCI VALENTINE: American Matthew, Yessir. Been following you for 5 years. I love the process. Change the game, young man.

KHIA: IG: TONYTHETITAN09, I'm awesome, in LA about to go to the beach and write before my event tonight☺️

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: BITCH I'LL KILL YOU. RT Nakoa Wolf: @me I think yall are gonna hire Gruden. Somebody has to and his name &amp; Bill Cowher is all I hear now

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Five states account for more than half of the homeless population (600,000): California, New York, Florida, Texas, and Massachusetts.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Keep. Gruden. Away. From. Flowery. Branch.

KC_MASTERPIECE: This girl on "say yes to the dress" is 17 and getting married!!!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Ricky Smoove, hell nawl. our team isn't built for Gruden's offensive style. we'd get swallowed up trying to build a team around his scheme.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I just realized that I could be a wife and would want to take care and love a man. At 17 you are still trying to figure out algebra

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: John D. Beckler II, now THAT would be very very interesting.
  I could live with this, tbh. RT Ricky Smoove: Princeton Hernandez I honestly think Josh McDaniels is the move

FILTHY MILFY: LilHomieInTheRegal, don't give up on yourself. I got something you can buy for me right now to redeem yourself :-)

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Actually I think I could grow to like that A LOT. *strokes chin*

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm so disturbed by this baby bride

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: McDaniels HAS to salivate at the thought of Matty, Julio, DJ13, Roddy on the shelf, high picks, &amp; a crop of versatile + developable TEs.

FILTHY MILFY: Either nobody or other men RT ~ღ~B~ღ~: Ok follow up question to who's not eating pussy: Who's fucking these niggas?!?

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Nakoa Wolf, we all get caught up in the moment sometimes!

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Kennedy Institute, how do folks w/out 10 years of experience in any field get to help bring this project to fruition? Want to do anything to help
  Shameful that, rather than pay their workers more, Walmart would rather hold food drives to feed employees who can't afford to feed families

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): ., u kno u just got all the cool points with me right

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: We gotta learn that our money has power. I couldn't get Morehouse students to understand that when there, but hopefully you all will.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Nakoa Wolf, wooooo okay. Ima just let the past be the past. Because..... woooooo.

FILTHY MILFY: Quit lying Netta RT ✌️: Nope. RT Coop Brennaman™: Y'all ladies don't care about size if y'all in love with us?
  I'm not saying all my boyfriends had extra big dicks but I've never been in love with a man that had an unfortunately sized penis
  Mr. Marcus Mariota, lol u know I like that rough shit ;-)
  ✌️, Coop Brennaman™ his mouf game must've been something serious then

KC_MASTERPIECE: hands look like trash but my nail salon is closed

FILTHY MILFY: Keef Brown TV, me too. That's my 2nd favorite place besides the Bay Area
  Mr. Marcus Mariota, well I guess that makes two of us

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cop these '93 Jordan 1s for $75?

FILTHY MILFY: X_X RT Nobody: I'm never eating a white girl's box cuz then I'd be basically kissing her dog in the mouth

ALIEN ARTIST: Releeeeeease meeeee! Releeeeeease ma bahdeeeeee! I knoooooow it's wrooong, so why am I here with you noooow?

PULLEY: E. Dewey Smith, lol I got you when I get back in town doc!

KC_MASTERPIECE: If I leave the house I'm just gonna be annoyed with all the ppl out. Blahhh
  I need a goldfish, dog, single gf friend
  There is only so much time and so many things you can do with yourself.
  I know everything about me, so I don't find myself too entertaining

TRAP STEVE KERR: "All I ask: when I die, dress me fly and neatly. And brush my waves so I'm handsome when the bitches greet me." - William Jefferson Clinton

WOO: M. , it's on netflix

KC_MASTERPIECE: All these babies on my tl and ig... I don't have family fever tho -___-

TRAP STEVE KERR: Boo Radley, Don't read for con law, strong black mayne. Cop that Chemerinsky and fanute accordingly.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Welcome to my life Rt ThisJustIn Just checked my balance. Couldn't do nothing but laugh. 😔”

FILTHY MILFY: Where? Let me see RT Ronald THIGHsley: Rustling up all the jimmies?!!

TRAP STEVE KERR: Remembering this time two years ago when I was so light-skinned from living in Boston that my homie started calling me Sammy Sosa.
  I'm looking through pics and laughing. There were no forms of vitamin D to be had in Cambridge.

FILTHY MILFY: I believe it RT ✨✨Gezzy Montana✨✨: EVERY married dude I know do they thing tuh
  rock burgundy!, I was the only square in my circle and now I'm doing better financially than all of them by a landslide

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I love Philly

FILTHY MILFY: Just wasting those lips and tongue smh RT Bill: I ain't ate pussy b4 btw

KC_MASTERPIECE: This is my first extra quiet days in days.
  Basically my mind is at work. :/
  carmen nicole, I'm up clearly. Just in bum mode

FILTHY MILFY: Can't get here without coming thru one RT Bill: Why should pussy be the end all and be all of life ?

TRAP STEVE KERR: Boo Radley, I just want the best for you. &lt;3

J. THUNDER: I'm a great dude so yeah. Low key, If I had a daughter, I would pray she finds a guy like me. Sooner rather than later.
  Jealous AF RT Barbara Wilson: Nice sunny day in the A ☀

KC_MASTERPIECE: carmen nicole, idk how u do it. My fuse is too short

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Being honest doesn't always work, but it is always best.

FILTHY MILFY: Nah RT Coop Brennaman™: If you can't sext I'm sure your sex is wack sauce....
  My sexting game is wack sauce but I still ride the dick with the best of em

KC_MASTERPIECE: carmen nicole, I just can't do it

FILTHY MILFY: Nah they always tryna bargain with me and I don't have time RT Mr. Lucky: Y'all still fucking y'all followers or nah?

KC_MASTERPIECE: Deciding where to settle is a crazy idea. I feel like i have no time to waste since I'll be and old ass when I graduate

FILTHY MILFY: Sir...RT SoΩratic Method Man: Filthy Milfy get me a ticket..and let's see

KC_MASTERPIECE: carmen nicole, maybe around 6 lol

FILTHY MILFY: Y'all want me to fly you out to give you some pussy? Incredible

KC_MASTERPIECE: If I found love in kc I would be more open to staying here. The suburbs have some of the top school districts in the nation. Great for fam
  I plan so much around things that yet to exist

FILTHY MILFY: The Hoe Whisperer, I'd fly you out first class bae

KC_MASTERPIECE: Started following this cute animal page, and it's taking everything in me not to repost

FILTHY MILFY: If I fly you out, you're only eating one thing the entire time RT SoΩratic Method Man: FLy me out...I got the meals...lol...

ALIEN ARTIST: Skinny Luther , please see last RT.
  Noah Lamar

KC_MASTERPIECE: Put up a Xmas decorations just to appease myself. Less than 5 ppl will even see them

FILTHY MILFY: Men gone crazy in my mentions

ALIEN ARTIST: Skinny Luther , I need that to happen. I'd actually watch. lol

KC_MASTERPIECE: This woman has been engaged 5 times... I'm confused
  How do you even find that many ppl to "love" ... I'm positive a mental disorder is present

SKINNY LUTHER : Alien Artist, religiously.

ALIEN ARTIST: Talk A Good Game, Well when laying with you makes it difficult to stand on one's own two feet...

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: So.... if I drank a whole bottle of DayQuil in one day, is my liver gonna dissolve into that silver shit from the What's It Gonna Be video?

ALIEN ARTIST: Supreme Ru Laveau, Suit shopping??
  a$ap tra$hy., B. Red Lucky you.
  Basically...
  Supreme Ru Laveau, Hmmm...

KC_MASTERPIECE: Lmao @ that retweet

FILTHY MILFY: BussItBaby, leave! Lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Assanté, maybe, motherfucker.

FILTHY MILFY: Sir Charles , lol smh

KC_MASTERPIECE: Still waiting on yall to show up with places and freezer bags

WOO: M. , I'll send u one when I get in the house

J. THUNDER: I've learned a few things about myself this last two days. It's crazy how moments of progress come spontaneously.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Plates

J. THUNDER: Resident of Babylon, Hell yeah. We need to link up and talk about me being a janitor at your law firm with a 6 figure salary lmfao.

ALIEN ARTIST: Supreme Ru Laveau, Why I just couldn't possibly imagine what measurements you speak of. :)

J. THUNDER: Resident of Babylon, Real shit lmao.

ALIEN ARTIST: Supreme Ru Laveau, Oh I would have never guessed... in my pure innocence and all.
  Supreme Ru Laveau, *bats eyes, innocently*

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Mellie Grant ♥: RT Real.Com™ Keep calm and ride a big dick (;” 😳😳😳😳

FILTHY MILFY: Also RT Dimples: Majority of my friends are married or in a relationship anyway.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “breonte.: I love biting 😁😁” Oh shit now.... 😏

ALIEN ARTIST: Supreme Ru Laveau, No, but I did think I was gonna have to say "Don't get it in my hair" once.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Does redbox have blk Friday specials?

EASY EARLY: Ignored DM is more humbling “Mary Bae Blige: RT Calfless Wonder: texts. RT Fina Voss™ : Ignored texts or DMs.. Which one hurts the most?”

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: OH CRISSLE MAKING BROWNIES FORREAL?? I THOUGHT SHE WAS JUST FUCKIN WITH ME.

ALIEN ARTIST: Hi. Im Dom. , Look for me in Catching Fire. lol

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Excuse me, y'all. I have to go cry for a moment.

ALIEN ARTIST: Supreme Ru Laveau, We are talking about cooking now, right?

FILTHY MILFY: Big Homie , but I heard you bout to beeeee *phone dies*

EASY EARLY: I'll get lost “DANIELLE: "I do NOT smoke, drink, have tattoos, or club because I am a WOMAN of GOD.Get wit it or get lost since 8.25.89"”

FILTHY MILFY: All my friends husbands swear I'm a player too. They all be asking when I'm gonna settle down and bring somebody around

TRAP STEVE KERR: Homegirl posted a pic in a Wu shirt with a quote from "Ice Cream." I only keep queens on the roster. 💯

FILTHY MILFY: Don't. Do.This RT KING LUCK: Filthy Milfy now u tryna get out the game? One of the biggest players in the Bay Area.
  Welp RT BussItBaby: Filthy Milfy these niggas don't deserve to be brought around. Fuck that
  NO! RT KING LUCK: Filthy Milfy OWN IT ALEXIS.

J. THUNDER: All my Arkansas kin off the chain right now.

EASY EARLY: Bruh... I've told a girl to bring a friend and her friend looked like me. I was pissed.
  Women aren't right. They will bring the friend that nobody ever picks.

FILTHY MILFY: I'm not a player by choice but a player by circumstance

EASY EARLY: It's almost like her friend is the last lil malnutritioned puppy that no one wanted to adopt.

FILTHY MILFY: HotWaterCornbread, Rezene Senai Godefa LICKS what's it about?
  The Ankh Warrior , lol only a little bit

EASY EARLY: We been in the situation where a girl brings her unnatractive or scorned or man bashing friend when we say bring a friend.

J. THUNDER: Courtney Shortknee ✌, I still haven't seen it.

EASY EARLY: See last tweet A$AP Pharoah (PhD) Big Belly Rude Boy The legend of loud Mr. STiLLiGRiND 

FILTHY MILFY: Seriously tho I'm not a player (shh my boo thang is tweeting right now, don't do this y'all)

J. THUNDER: I still haven't seen Thor 2. If you don't know why that's a big deal low key... We ain't associates.

EASY EARLY: J. Thunder, whoa. That's terrible.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Hit the nastiest nae bae dance when Stoner comes on 🎶ima stoner Ima stoner Ima stoner 🎶

FILTHY MILFY: 100% RT Ronald THIGHsley: How much of this year have you been employed?

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Madison Oates, hit my line.

EASY EARLY: Bringing an unattractive friend will make me second guess our relationship.
  And don't give me that "she's so nice" shit either

WOO: Headed back to laurel. Finna take a nap before I gotta get Jess then.....

FILTHY MILFY: :-( RT Big Homie : My TL confirms it. The ugly friend never knows they’re the ugly friend.
  BussItBaby, lol good

KENFUCIUS: Re watching Blue Mountain State

FILTHY MILFY: Maybe I'm the ugly friend cuz all my friends are gorgeous

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I've got too many getaway and date ideas to not have a girlfriend hahaha
  I'm just gonna be the better-looking version of Hitch

FILTHY MILFY: Mr. Marcus Mariota, how I'm posed to RT if ya tweets private
  Big Homie , [jokes only] lol

KC_MASTERPIECE: Rt Tyler Fellas, plan a date night. Tell her to get dressed nice, tell her the time and have it all planned but don't tell her the plans.
  I knew I wasn't crazy

FILTHY MILFY: Sir Charles , it's so hard to turn down lavish gift after lavish gift

WOO: The truth shall set u free. All u gotta do is be honest with folks. They'll feel a way at first but they'll respect it.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Giving back doesn't make you a good person; it makes you a responsible one.

FILTHY MILFY: Me too RT Ronald THIGHsley: Only time people call me ugly is when they don't like me for whatever reason.

KARLITO CLARK: I shoulda never let them drive my truck.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Thought a good movie was coming on that I hadn't seen. WRONG

EASY EARLY: Better investment than a random “Trent Boyett: Same. “Mr.1738 I like to buy women I KNOW drinks tho...””

J. THUNDER: Courtney Shortknee ✌, Life loll...

EASY EARLY: Happy Stanksgiving Terica. “Teh-rick-uh: Ready to eat some ham and greens. And Hawaiian rolls 😻”

FILTHY MILFY: Must be my ass cuz it ain't my face huh RT Cap The Libra: Filthy Milfy i mean... ur avi is a pic of ur ass and not ur face...

EASY EARLY: I took a shot last night/this AM w Duck Wellington and her whole fam... Over skype. True friendship.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Resident of Babylon, the science museum is actually always a great place to bring a date. Both museums of contemporary &amp; fine arts are cool too

FILTHY MILFY: I'm glad a lot of y'all don't know what I look like. I'll be ugly if it makes y'all feel better about me having this perfect ass

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Resident of Babylon, all aren't too far from MBTA routes. Anything else I suggest may require a car since it's cold out

J. THUNDER: 4:44 Quad Time
  Every black woman I meet loves my hair. It's crazy. Seriously.

EASY EARLY: When's the next twitter cypher? I got bars. I'm not a rapper though.

J. THUNDER: They're jealous, they want it, blah blah blah. "You put anything it? It's really just that soft?" Yes...

FILTHY MILFY: Jason Waterfalls, don't.do.this lol

KARLITO CLARK: “Dorian Francois: Karlito Clark what broo? I'm shocked lol”&lt;-idc if they are my parents I shouldn't have done it. Lol

J. THUNDER: Thing is, I grew up thinking I had weird hair because in my youth I tried to loc my hair the and got accused of having a perm.
  I knew perms were for females typically and never knew why someone would accuse me of having one naturally.

FILTHY MILFY: lilith mithra 12/25, I've been numb to the Twitter bullshit smh

ALIEN ARTIST: LMAOOO RT Brandon Murphy It is BEYOND musty in JCrew!! 30% off for a Ludlow has NEVA been that relevant.

FILTHY MILFY: Jarrod, yep, figured I'd just get it out the way lol

J. THUNDER: So while My hair is considered "good" growing up I thought I was freak because of it. Shows the fucked up nature of things really.

ALIEN ARTIST: I'm behaving. I'm trying to stay off the naughty list.

EASY EARLY: There's my Soror... “Teh-rick-uh: I'm starving. I just wanna be in my bed.”

J. THUNDER: Paper Chaser, I got you on the cheffing.

ALIEN ARTIST: I don't understand how that would result in such a reaction, but it must be amazing.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, because you're always talking about it, I just bought workout sneakers and shorts from the shame I felt

FILTHY MILFY: Jason Waterfalls, that's right bae. Put em back and pull them 5s out lol

EASY EARLY: “Niña Leeeeeeeeeeeë: I wish I could f*ck, drink [whiskey] and sleep all day”

J. THUNDER: ♛Reine♛, I guess, it's just too much right now lmao.

LANA DEL BAE: Need a sweet potato pie IV tbh

KC_MASTERPIECE: Giving myself a pedicure just to go to the gym. Everything is backwards

ELEANOR RIGBY: About buy some vitamins because they're cheap.

J. THUNDER: Ladies... Form fitting sweater dresses... I thank you.
  I feel like form fitting sweater dresses are to winter what sundresses are to summer.

FILTHY MILFY: Guess we ain't going then RT Kevin: RT 24hr rule! : 4/20 is on Easter Sunday this year…I wouldn't dare go to church high.

J. THUNDER: Maryland Monrow ., Nah I'm always minding this, why you got to say about them dresses? lmao

ALIEN ARTIST: Seriously though... If there was a reality show about Skinny Luther  and I going shopping, ratings would be through the roof.

FILTHY MILFY: I don't even celebrate 4/20. I'm too stingy with my tree for all that communal smoking. Fuck that

J. THUNDER: Filthy Milfy, YOOOOO! Same way.

FILTHY MILFY: Cap The Libra, lol I knew you weren't cuz I'm not. I know how to take a joke too btw

KC_MASTERPIECE: I didn't even eat the food o cooked yesterday but just cooking it for hours made me never want to see it til next year

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, the humiliation you're putting through is destroying me inside

LANA DEL BAE: I don’t want to leeeaavveeee

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'll be happy drinking slim fast until christmas

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Actually it's because of Plensa AND my following Fitness Motivation that made me buy sneakers and shorts to begin working out finally

FILTHY MILFY: J. Thunder, lol no cyphers for me

LANA DEL BAE: LMFAO RIGHT RT Julian Shirtsinger: Lana Del Bae It’s probably $72000

KC_MASTERPIECE: I feel bad not wanting all this food. It's so wasteful.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I want to gain weight but I don't want to do it with protein. I want good old American fat.

FILTHY MILFY: Fatty Artbuckle , just 1

ALIEN ARTIST: Evan Webb-Stuart, That's no secret.
  Talk A Good Game, Has always worked for me.

LANA DEL BAE: • Ē • Ł • F •, kanye’s. I’ve blocked Kim’s vulva shirt from sight.

FILTHY MILFY: OnlyTheFamly✊, what's up with you meanie?

KC_MASTERPIECE: Cute Rt Tyler “lovebird Planetarium or chocolate making RT Tyler: Best date you've ever been on that's less than $200?””

EASY EARLY: Am I the only one who's gotten mad at someone for something they did in a dream

FILTHY MILFY: Fatty Artbuckle , too painful. And I like how it looks with just one anyway

LANA DEL BAE: • Ē • Ł • F •, Julian Shirtsinger my grandma would stomp me into a pulp if I paid actual us currency for that shirt OR wore it.

ALIEN ARTIST: Video chatting with Edwarren Jameson for all of 5 seconds was still great. His smile is priceless.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Ra has a sushi making couples night. But no one ever wants to go. My gfs are afraid ppl will assume we are lesbian

ALIEN ARTIST: Evan Webb-Stuart, !! Yaaaay! :D

TRAP STEVE KERR: Articles like that make being a regular, non-rich, non-connected person seem so wack in comparison.

J. THUNDER: Filthy Milfy, But you also in Cali where prices are FAR more reasonable lmao. Us else where? It's even more serious.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Rt Jhené Chilombo if it is not in this moment . it is not at all .”

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, depends. Which one makes it possible that I'll actually get to see you?

LANA DEL BAE: I want to sing the chorus of Part II (On the Run) to someone 😇
  oliver, probably

KC_MASTERPIECE: There are a million things to do entertainment wise in winter

LANA DEL BAE: Half sedated and all

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, I'll be toning though. I'm out of shape and getting pudgy. But I'm not trying to become Arnold Schwarzenegger

FILTHY MILFY: J. Thunder, I wouldn't even tell nobody I smoked if I lived elsewhere lol

TRAP STEVE KERR: Famous people just sitting around being weirdos and talking about art and playing the guitar and wearing $5,000 hoodies and shit.

LANA DEL BAE: buddha, am I invited?

ALIEN ARTIST: Edwarren Jameson, lol Will Facetime do the same thing?

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, well you're barely my friend now -____- No need to take it back though. I wouldn't be my friend either if I got fat
  carmen sandiego ✈, where's your gym? I got a year subscription at Planet Fitness. Not trying to do downtown though.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Being silent is difficult... I always have more than enough to say

EASY EARLY: erica, lol well damn

KC_MASTERPIECE: I want to go ice skating so bad

LANA DEL BAE: buddha, what do I need to bring?

EASY EARLY: Gettin killed by "Scratch" n shit... “Hamdingo: My iPhone dies faster than a lvl 3 pokemon i swear 😤”

J. THUNDER: Bruh... And you can't even escape the smell really. RT Kyle Edwards: Theres a special corner in hell for people that fart in the club

EASY EARLY: Are you a real person? RT @pradaboots: If you eating leftovers at this very moment. You struggling. 🍗😩😂””

ALIEN ARTIST: Edwarren Jameson, lol Wanna try that instead next time?

KC_MASTERPIECE: All my friends are so relationship happy. I really love it

KARLITO CLARK: Never thought I would say this but I'm ready to go back to AL.

ALIEN ARTIST: I said reLEEEEEEEASE meeeeeee, cuz IIIIIII'M not aaaable toooo conVIIIIIINCE mysEeeeeelf that I'm better off without youuuu!
  Edwarren Jameson, Yaaaay! :D

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I wonder what an homage to Spike Lee's "School Daze" by "SparkHouse" students would look like to encourage higher enrollment?

KARLITO CLARK: Ain't nothing in N.O. for me.

J. THUNDER: I just want to live in Atl.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Getting a hangnail really makes you evaluate your sins.

J. THUNDER: That last RT... First why homie name about raping oprah?

ELEANOR RIGBY: Kinda don't want to live right now.

KC_MASTERPIECE: S. H., I'll rephrase. All my friends have someone to keep them company currently

KARLITO CLARK: I just want to move somewhere I feel comfortable that's it. Idk what that "where" is but Lord I need a sign.

J. THUNDER: Cowboy's Fan, Yeah but you also in Texas, bruh. I'm in Chicago. The climate ain't 'eem near the same

ALIEN ARTIST: @Sir_Elite_

J. THUNDER: Yeah my uncle has mad back and knee problems.

TRAP STEVE KERR: I ventured into the comments section of that article and see Rap Genius on the defense.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I'm going to start a 30 day challenge tomorrow. The real challenge is finding a good one.

ALIEN ARTIST: !! Lissen.. RT Supreme Ru Laveau Amen RT No Scandal.  The Art of not giving a fuck is REALLY hard to master, but oh ho once's it's mastered! &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: How cool would it be to just drop everything and just drive to a cabin or other state right now? Extremely, that's what.
  It's just very difficult to find folks who are down for the cause

TRAP STEVE KERR: I lowkey wanna be one of those "I like art" types.

KARLITO CLARK: My parents driving is like them driving Ms. Daisy.

SKINNY LUTHER : Alien Artist, specifically at Target and Value Village.

LANA DEL BAE: 😩 I’m so bored. 😩

FILTHY MILFY: Patrick Bateman, exactly

LANA DEL BAE: #TheWayne, like what?

KC_MASTERPIECE: I understand. Its a beautiful time of year to share Rt $™ Me I don't...lol I only want one but its a struggle finding dat”

ALIEN ARTIST: “Sir Greendown. : Skinny Luther  Alien Artist I dislike both of you.” Prove it with guest appearances.

PULLEY: More cupcakes to be baked.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Buy the ring RT Lacienega.: but what would you say if i proposed that we settle down?

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, I was just kidding...kinda haha. Let me know when you want to go to a PF you don't have to ride the T for and we'll make it a date

ELEANOR RIGBY: Just took a bite out of my first slice of pie. Have to change my drawls.

THE ABSTRACT.: battle of the bands tonight, one time for southern.

FILTHY MILFY: Right RT Ronald THIGHsley: If I get ignored I be ready to write a nigga off.

THE ABSTRACT.: I love new orleans.

ALIEN ARTIST: “Sir Greendown. : Alien Artist Skinny Luther  As if I would pass up a trip to Tar-Zsay and Value Village.” That's the spirit!

THE ABSTRACT.: in 3 years, this will be home.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: carmen sandiego ✈, see? It's been so long I didn't even know that. But that's good. Congrats.

FILTHY MILFY: I don't think I even notice if somebody is ignoring me, my ego too damn big

SKINNY LUTHER : There is still something so wrong about driving on 75 into downtown and not seeing the So So Def billboard.

THE ABSTRACT.: Skinny Luther , I thought I was the only one that felt that way, it was crazy when they took it down.

FILTHY MILFY: I been done thought something happened to you and show up at your house with all the goons. Never would think u were simply ignoring me

SKINNY LUTHER : the abstract., a piece of Atlanta died.

FILTHY MILFY: Fatty Artbuckle , lol I don't send titty pics. I'm insecure

KC_MASTERPIECE: Been trying to wash my cloths since noon and these ppl will not remove their items from the wash or dryer

FILTHY MILFY: Y'all say you want a ride or die chick until we riding on your ass

KC_MASTERPIECE: My work clothes smell like death. I can either hand wash or sit at a laundry mat now :/

FILTHY MILFY: Lmfaooo RT YOUNG G-DA: Filthy Milfy got 1000 followers ALONE off her booty smh I been here befo da fame

LANA DEL BAE: is that you? with them biggole thighs after school? 💃
  About to get lost again. *sigh*

FILTHY MILFY: True Life: Im Out Of Swishers And There's 50 Niggas In Front Of The Corner Store

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Lacienega., all of em

ELEANOR RIGBY: I'm a little pissed that I can't do my homework.
  Group work sucks.

FILTHY MILFY: Fatty Artbuckle , lol nope I'm not at all
  *snickers* RT Ronald THIGHsley: Ladies: a man says he wants to take care of you financially, but you're just not that into him. What do you do?
  Why is Laurin tweeting like a dumb blonde right now? Lol
  Ronald THIGHsley, everybody in your mentions lying my nigga. Stay woke ( and unbroke)
  Uh oh RT Lucky Mastermind: 🙊 RT Kegel Queen: Can't name one Twitter nigga that ain't homeless.

ALIEN ARTIST: Talk A Good Game, Is that why you always pay me in dust?

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: What in the hell does Walmart sell that is scarce enough in resource that you trample someone to death??

ALIEN ARTIST: No Scandal. , You're welcome, cuteness!

FILTHY MILFY: Ronald THIGHsley, lol I was just saying in reference to your question. The answer is ride that train til the wheels fall off aka "no"

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Sad thing is we wait for stories like that every year on this day. We are such slaves to our own greed, we don't even realize it smfh.
  From the article I just tweeted:
  "They took the doors off the hinges. [The worker] was trampled and killed in front of me."
  "They took me down, too...I didn't know if I was going to live through it. I literally had to fight people off my back"

FILTHY MILFY: I always do RT cita del rio: Keep ur flapjack titties out ur avi.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Chanting 'push the doors in,' the crowd pressed against the glass as the clock ticked down to the 5 a.m. opening."

TRAP STEVE KERR: Accurate lol.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: This is the quote from that article that just makes my stomach church in unimaginable ways:
  "When they were saying...that an employee got killed, people were yelling, 'I've been on line since Friday morning!' "They kept shopping."

ELEANOR RIGBY: Send me your nudes so I can perfect them for you.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Items on sale at the Wal-Mart store included a $798 Samsung 50-in Plasma HDTV, a $28 Bissel Compact Upright Vacuum, and Men's Jeans for $8"

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “龍羅笛: need to make it back to Philly” please...and bring me

SKINNY LUTHER : Gucci Valentine, has been for a while.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: That's what that worker died for.
  "How could you take a man's life to save $20 on a TV?"

TRAP STEVE KERR: Just want you to tear these emotional walls down, bae.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Let me style your nudes so when you send them you KNOW why he's not texting you back right away.
  Nudes are more than just sticking your ass in the camera. Nudes are art.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I feel like shouting a Jeremiah Wright sermon quote right now, but I have to think of my future. That's how angry I am though.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I need to go to redbox...

EASY EARLY: Ask for an Amen, and I will give it to u. “Entendre Jones : Black females PLEASE take the scarves and bonnets off your head while in public”

ELEANOR RIGBY: Let me help you.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Lmaooooooo wow J. Cole sounds H U R T on this song. And did he steal Drag-On's flow???

EASY EARLY: Well... Leggo “Nique: Love me some dick”

ELEANOR RIGBY: I'm a nudes consultant. The first consultation is on me.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Drag-On gotta soar across the evening sky on Smaug's back to J. Cole's crib and respectfully request his flow black.

FILTHY MILFY: Lmfaooo no more like nonexistent RT No One Above Him: Filthy Milfy they flapjack tho? 😪😣

TRAP STEVE KERR: Song knocks though.

FILTHY MILFY: Cuz you won't get more hoes doing that RT Smaug Da Magnificent: How come nobody ever admit to getting hoes?

LANA DEL BAE: UGH. LOST AGAIN

TRAP STEVE KERR: Cole heating up like that leftover lasagna.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: To Baé Or Not To Baé, didn't even know about that one, but now my night is ruined

TRAP STEVE KERR: Alexander, LMAO man. Exactly. He's become a puzzle to me. A puzzle I don't want to solve.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: When we start writing history books about the last 20 years, it will have to record the shift in placing value on materials above human life

GUCCI VALENTINE: Skinny Luther , I didn't know. I'm hurt.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Cole really said "I'll knock yo ass out" at the end of his verse lololol. "TKO" was supposed to be a METAPHOR, Jermaine. Jeez.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Upset that I can't go out to drink. And I don't have any mixers here. UGH.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Calfless Wonder, NIGGA YOU STILL HERE??

J. THUNDER: Y'all my Aunt is a boss. I just mentioned wanting a massage and she had her masseuse come through on the short notice.
  So much more loose and awesome.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: DRB, lmao. Lies.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Rap Genius, It's a great idea! Ye has the passion, but seems to lack the technical skills and a concrete plan. No need to recreate the wheel.

J. THUNDER: Met another Spelman woman from Jersey yesterday. Starting to feel like all y'all got a lil ratchet.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Been trying to figure out what to top me tree with, I finally figured it out

TRAP STEVE KERR: Craig da Barber keeps me young.
  I, Will, Made It, EVER. I actually need Drag-On to appear in the new Hobbit movie.

J. THUNDER: Lmfao RT Chelsea: "What if soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?" i literally laughed out loud. lmaoo

KC_MASTERPIECE: Bbq sounds good

ELEANOR RIGBY: On a never ending quest for the hoes...

SKINNY LUTHER : Who's still in Atlanta and tryna do something tonight?
  I really wish I was in NO tonight. I'm tryna see Southern shit on Grambling's band.
  Guess it won't be a silent night after all. Am I right?! Am I right?!
  I'm actually not ratchet, I just act like it on twitter. I'm bout refined as fuck
  Chill Dauterive, right, that doesn't quite make sense lol

ELEANOR RIGBY: I was hoping Beyoncé listed all her flaws in 1+1: algeba, grammar, enunciation, etc. The song would've been longer than her weave.

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, prove it.
  Chill Dauterive, BECAUSE YOU CAN'T! I wish you could have seen what I just gave to get the full effect lol
  Eleanor Rigby, ... you have your moments.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Norris Was The Same, *stops rapping mid-freestyle to high-five you*

ELEANOR RIGBY: Skinny Luther , moments of blinding salvation and blaring prosperity. I know, Thanks.

SKINNY LUTHER : There's macaroni in cheese waiting on me in Ellenwood. All I gotsta do is get in the car. Jesus.

J. THUNDER: Fuck a naughty list. RT Illest Bitch Spittin: Tie a bell around your dick and fuck me while jingle bells blasts on the radio.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I'm the nicest person on and off twitter.

THELONIUS SHAW: What to do, what to do

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, you'll learn to appreciate my flair for all things dramatic one day, nigga lol
  Eleanor Rigby, and always inappropriate hoe shit.
  Fabulous , please comment. Please. I dare you lol
  Thelonius Shaw, pull out. Always pull out.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Yep. A ribs and beans sound great.
  Nothing even close to that in my fridge

ELEANOR RIGBY: Skinny Luther , incorrect. why? (1) Because ho-shit is never inappropriate. And (2) I don't do ho-shit. I'm way too saved.

SKINNY LUTHER : No seriously, who is still in the city and wants to enjoy a cocktail tonight?

LANA DEL BAE: That was two shots agooooo

SKINNY LUTHER : Eleanor Rigby, Kevin. You're a hoe. I'll never deny you're a saved hoe, but you are definitely a hoe. But it's perfectly fine.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Bread that started to sweat and got wet with a little pickle juice. I'd be in heaven

ELEANOR RIGBY: Skinny Luther , I AM NOT A HO! HOES HAVE SEX. I PRAY.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Im asking too Rt Skinny Luther  No seriously, who is still in the city and wants to enjoy a cocktail tonight?”
  Cocktails and bbq that is

KARLITO CLARK: “Jazmine : It's So packed in Auburn. They ready for this Bama game”&lt;-And to think I was gonna come back tomorrow.

FILTHY MILFY: Skinny Luther , I'll bring the tail if you bring the cock

TRAP STEVE KERR: "Damn, look at that body. Shawt bus shawty, 'cause you sho look special." - J. Cole. Lmao.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Darius has been reading me for the last few days now. I'm sad.

LANA DEL BAE: I guess I’ll eat some more macaroni and pout.

SKINNY LUTHER : Thor Odinson, texting you... now.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Y'all have Til 8. Don't everyone start asking to join me at once

SKINNY LUTHER : Filthy Milfy, that works.

LANA DEL BAE: I hope all my friends that work in retail are still alive

KARLITO CLARK: “Jazmine : Karlito Clark hell no. Don't do it. It's people everywhere”&lt;-but I miss you guys 🙈lol

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I wanna go out tonight soooooo bad, I have hella work to do tho.
  🙈🙈🙈 “CoCo: This the 1st tweet I see when I opens TL. ----&gt; RT larry ferebee: This a good night for a 3some”

SKINNY LUTHER : Thor Odinson, I just called and it was like a business voicemail.

LANA DEL BAE: n/a, turn up!

J. THUNDER: Party in the mansion tonight. *sips courvoisier* ...Well alright then.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Anything is possible in Christ “HE. ME. HIM. : 10. If u meet someone on a sexual level is it possible for the relationship to go beyond sex?”

SKINNY LUTHER : Thor Odinson, do me a favor and call me.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Burns my soul to hell “HE. ME. HIM. : 9. Ur sig. other constantly expresses his/her sexual urges online. Does it bother u?”

KARLITO CLARK: Man I'm trying spend New Year's Eve in a different state. Who trying to house ya boy.
  Chill Dauterive, don't know. Don't care. I just need ideas &amp; opportunities.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Yeah, 4 days a week a drink “HE. ME. HIM. : 8. U drink a lot/smoke a lot of weed. Will u compromise it for a relationship if asked?”

FILTHY MILFY: I'm not unhappy but I don't want to be single RT Chippa Jones: Y'all really that unhappy being single?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Publicly humiliate them “HE. ME. HIM. : 7. Ur significant otherdoesn't have sex with u cause u talked shit about their fave, what do u do?”
  Teacake in There Eyes were Watching God “HE. ME. HIM. : 6. What's the best role Halle Berry ever played?”
  Stop “HE. ME. HIM. : 5. U hookin up. The bitch u fucking quietly removes condom w/out u noticing, u finally notice, u keep going or no?”

SKINNY LUTHER : Karlito Clark, let's all meet up in Detroit!

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: That's triflin “HE. ME. HIM. : 4. Ppl that would rather suck dick than kiss, what do you think about that?”

SKINNY LUTHER : Thor Odinson, did you get my text? What's up with your phone?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I get around. “HE. ME. HIM. : 3. What's the biggest misconception about you?”
  ALL THE WAY ON “HE. ME. HIM. : 2. Someone who loves sex and expresses that love all the time, turn on? Or turn off?”
  She needs to knock it off “HE. ME. HIM. : 1. What do you think about @lilkim's antics of late?? [quote this 1]”

KARLITO CLARK: “Skinny Luther : Karlito Clark let's all meet up in Detroit!”&lt;-What be pop'n there?

SKINNY LUTHER : Tom TibbehTOE, quit talmbout your Morehouse brother's daddy.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I don't tho! Lmao. “4:44: Oh. RT GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I get around. “HE. ME. HIM. : 3. What's the biggest misconception about you?"”

SKINNY LUTHER : Karlito Clark, I have no idea.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I hate her. Lmao

SKINNY LUTHER : I've never been to Detroit. That's the only reason I even suggested it.
  J. Thunder, Chill Dauterive Karlito Clark I'm told the women there are actually bad.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I never understand why people assume I get around. Smh

KC_MASTERPIECE: The girl in them is confused too Rt Black Thought Them wedge sneakers confuse me...”

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 4:44, I hope you file your skin off

KARLITO CLARK: Junie B. Jones , you gonna be there?

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, J. Thunder Karlito Clark I feel like there's a phenomenal story here lmao

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Can't wait to put these on my feet

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Ricky, that's not true, just cause I look a certain way I'm labeled smh. :-(

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, J. Thunder Karlito Clark so I'm right. Okay lmao

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Hit dog hollar my ass!

KC_MASTERPIECE: The closer Xmas get the more I just want to say whatever and by all the special ppl in my life the things they want
  It only happens once a year

LANA DEL BAE: I love texas. I don’t wanna leave

ELEANOR RIGBY: About to watch the Muppets special and stan out for Rev. Kermit.

J. THUNDER: Fuck... I low key agree with this. RT Los: If she hasn't started an argument with you for 3 weeks, she's seeing someone else.

KARLITO CLARK: Thanksgiving leftovers &gt;&gt;&gt;

SKINNY LUTHER : That's oddly comforting.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'd rather see other ppl excited. I have almost everything I need. Their presence alone is enough for me

ELEANOR RIGBY: Gaga's hair is al dente.

SKINNY LUTHER : Arguments/fights suck because feelings always get hurt and all that drama and shit is for the birds.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: !!!!!! “Taylor's Missing Ass: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL well...you're a light skinned man with body in Cali.   They just assume ya know.”

SKINNY LUTHER : The one upside is the make up, because it's half taking out anger/frustration and half baby I'm sorry/let me make it up to you.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Unbothered

KC_MASTERPIECE: I would def spoil my mate at xmas. You want, if I can get it, baby it's yours

ELEANOR RIGBY: Gaga's hair looks like it has several stages of HIV.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Talk A Good Game, 😩😩😩 it's not fair!!
  Less attractive people get away with so much hell!!

KC_MASTERPIECE: If only make ups were guaranteed

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Talk A Good Game, LMAO! Ugh

PULLEY: Ralph Lauren sports coat and a 100% Camel hair sports coat for $14. Swag

SKINNY LUTHER : Pulley, where?

J. THUNDER: Los, Probably because it IS true. They don't want they secrets out bruh cause that shit makes sense bro lmao.

SKINNY LUTHER : Let me get my ass on to River Rd. Bye y'all.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Rev. Glen de Decatúr, LMAOO they do!

ELEANOR RIGBY: "I do not audition. I am an America." --My philosophy on everything.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Attractive people get away with murder...

SKINNY LUTHER : But listen, my second mama's mac and cheese is so worth the otherwise unnecessary ass drive.
  Pulley, bitch.

LANA DEL BAE: =\, I hate his mouth

KC_MASTERPIECE: Had my own Thanksgiving, got my own Xmas tree, I think I'm a real adult now

SKINNY LUTHER : Pulley, I'm sorry, that was unnecessary and very rude of me.
  KC_Masterpiece, come to Atlanta and spend it with me next year.

PULLEY: Skinny Luther , I anticipated this response. Yesterday I found a Tommy Hilfiger coat for a lovely $99 after being $350

SKINNY LUTHER : Pulley, I'm happy for you.

PULLEY: Sam Floyd , are you planning to rob me?

KC_MASTERPIECE: Skinny Luther , I should. I cooked so much for no reason. Only had one guest smh

PULLEY: Skinny Luther , are you lying Darius?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Talk A Good Game, you wouldn't have a choice 😤😤

SKINNY LUTHER : KC_Masterpiece, how about this? I'll do the cooking and you do the dishes. Deal? lol

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I saw this man at Starbucks having a full fledge convo with himself, he was doing hand motions &amp; it ALL. I let him cut in front of me.

SKINNY LUTHER : Pulley, surprisingly enough, no. I'm actually pleased when people I can barely tolerate find great pieces.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Talk A Good Game, lmao! There is no inner hoe!

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Future of Nazareth.

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, ass lol

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Only in LA do you see nuts walking around, when I lived everywhere else I've never encountered this many crazies!!

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: How African Americans support dook university is simply absurd to me. Sellouts.

SKINNY LUTHER : How do you know the stripper you're getting that lap dance from wiped thoroughly in a front to back motion? Stay woke.
  Chill Dauterive, oh lol

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: This is easily the worst dook team I've seen in ever. Ever.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Skinny Luther , yesssss. Sounds like heaven

SKINNY LUTHER : KC_Masterpiece, I'm serious.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Do men wear engagement rings too or just the women?

ELEANOR RIGBY: I know this Lady Gaga and the Muppet's Holiday Spectacular but.... this is really too much Gaga and not enough sit your ass down.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: IM not saying nothing lol “4:44: "GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Attractive people get away with murder..." Is this an admission of guilt?”
  Albus Percival, you're the main one in Atlanta!
  Talk A Good Game, LMFAO!!! I just yelled

SKINNY LUTHER : Chill Dauterive, Understandable. I'd say just ask Johnny Ray, but I also lack finesse, so carry on lol

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Future Jackson “Murdy: Future LeVert RT Princeton Hernandez: Future of Nazareth.”

ELEANOR RIGBY: I've realized anything where they show Gaga more than once in 3 days is too much for her for me.

LANA DEL BAE: =\, it’s those big ass Cheshire Cat teeth to me.

SKINNY LUTHER : The Real Segun Idowu, traditionally just the women.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Skinny Luther , me too. I won't be sweating my hair out in the kitchen

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Talk A Good Game, definitely nvm on your last RT

ELEANOR RIGBY: Elton John is white people's Bobby Jones.

SKINNY LUTHER : KC_Masterpiece, and my durag will be on as long as I'm standing over a hot stove. Please don't think any less of me.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Call da po po. "4:44: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL Welp. I'm alerting the authorities.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I will if it mean I ain't got to buy her one RT The Real Segun Idowu: Do men wear engagement rings too or just the women?
  You really gotta take out a student loan to cop an engagement ring.

SKINNY LUTHER : Bobby Jones been jacking Diana Ross' entire shtick since the 80s and somebody oughtta be fed up.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Skinny Luther , shit I should have had my bonnet on, but I found myself trying to be "gone with the wind fabulous"

SKINNY LUTHER : I never agreed with that whole three months' salary for an engagement ring rule. How about we put that towards a house?
  Or towards the college fund for the child that you're already most likely carrying if I'm proposing to you in the first place?

J. THUNDER: Chill Dauterive, The fuck up?

LANA DEL BAE: this amber alert.
  LEAVE ME.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Is bbq even open. I'm dying of starvation with a full fridge

SKINNY LUTHER : KC_Masterpiece, nah, we can do all that once we get ready to eat.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Skinny Luther , note taken. I will never make that mistake again

SKINNY LUTHER : Awww.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Its insane how dook gets all the calls in a game....
  SHERM, named after slave owners

LANA DEL BAE: I need a stiff drink.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Hood carried and traveled but got a timeout.

LANA DEL BAE: I hate all of my friends.

PULLEY: Think I want to bake carrot cake cupcakes tonight.

SKINNY LUTHER : Nah, keep Mu. He's one of the few people who calls y'all on y'all's fuck shit and will join me in the self righteous shading of the lessers.
  Tom TibbehTOE
  Tom TibbehTOE, feel free. I just came up with it right now.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: dook front court soft as baby shit

SKINNY LUTHER : *ahem* AAAAANNNNNDDDD NOOOOOWWW, THE WEDDIIIING'S OHVAAAHHHH.... THE RICE! THE RICE HAZBINTHUHROWN OVUH THEIR HEEEAADDDSSS. Carry on.
  Chill Dauterive, Tom TibbehTOE *shrugs* I'm allowed one flaw lol

ELEANOR RIGBY: This is a new circle of Hell.

SKINNY LUTHER : Tom TibbehTOE, Maryland Monrow . excuse me?
  Chill Dauterive, Tom TibbehTOE since when? lol

MEREDITH TRAY: Darius been chose?

SKINNY LUTHER : Maryland Monrow ., Tom TibbehTOE I think you're forgetting somebody, as far as those who don't partake in filth.
  Tom TibbehTOE, Maryland Monrow . this is also very true. Disregard.

LANA DEL BAE: Lmao RT Ramirez ✌️: 😩😩😩 I always attract the ugly guys…..or guys that are younger than me!!

SKINNY LUTHER : Meredith Tray, I don't even know how to answer this question.

PULLEY: Jasmyneeeee(:, your treat?

SKINNY LUTHER : Maryland Monrow ., Tom TibbehTOE as long as you acknowledge that it's not filth of the common variety, I'm good.

LANA DEL BAE: Younger men love me and idk why. 😔

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: On break at work and as I reminisce upon my day I can say I've seen some bad women come through this store.

SKINNY LUTHER : I'd actually get up and leave. That is so impolite.

MEREDITH TRAY: Skinny Luther , WELL WELL

PULLEY: Jasmyneeeee(:, doesn't sound as fun

SKINNY LUTHER : Tenn Peaches, exactly. Even if you have it like that, that's just bad money management any way you slice it.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Where is the turn up tonight though?

PULLEY: Better Than Sex (chocolate) cupcakes tonight

J. THUNDER: Having my muscles relaxed I know now how tense and tight they are on the norm. Got to stretch out better.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Mellie Grant ♥, : Where you at?

J. THUNDER: Harriet Tubman was the Original OG OG

FILTHY MILFY: Eew RT I AM A GOD: If a chick farts in front of you like its nothin on the first date what do you do?

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Mellie Grant ♥, : Ewwa, in the boonies??

ELEANOR RIGBY: RuPaul is really up on stage prancing like Aretha Franklin. I...

THELONIUS SHAW: They couldn't even wait until the turkey cooled down until they started playing Christmas shows on TV

ELEANOR RIGBY: • Ē • Ł • F •,  BamBam  Foreskin I, Kevin, AM VERY NICE THANK YOU VERY MUCH.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Touched down in '93. Knew I was the man by the age of 3.

FILTHY MILFY: I never fart in front of anybody. That shit is rude as fuck

LANA DEL BAE: Now I’m ready to go. Why is it only 7:30 ugh

J. THUNDER: I assure you, he doesn't. And he won't lmao. RT Amz.: I really think that it is so cute that my 8 month old nephew is ticklish.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Welp no bbq for me. Blahh
  No one dying to join me anyways

SKINNY LUTHER : No seriously, I got one for Christmas in 93. My first demo tape was recorded soon after.
  I wish I could find the first song I wrote from like first or second grade. Sweet Lord.

J. THUNDER: Styrofoam plates that bad? Shit I'm on top if I'm coming home to a meal at this point.

ELEANOR RIGBY: WHY IS PIGGY SINGING WITH JJ HAIRSTON AND YOUTHFUL PRAISE.
  THE CHURCH IS IN THAT NEW MONEY.

J. THUNDER: Gotta be out after that RT Los: Females will say "I like you it's just bad timing" which means she doesn't wanna stop hoeing just yet

ELEANOR RIGBY: You know JJ was in the back voguing down and yelling every song Gaga sung.

LANA DEL BAE: Jessicuh. , ALREADY SEENT.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Piggy and all these black men looks like the start of a very bad --nevermind.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Not true. I just know what i want Rt Brandon Pratt Me Welp no bbq for me. Blahh”you wouldn't give anyone a chance if they wanted to lol

FILTHY MILFY: The Ankh Warrior , people are hella gross

LANA DEL BAE: *adjusts glasses*

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Can someone buy me some gloves for Christmas

J. THUNDER: Y'all muhfucka's need to stop coming up with these creative ass names for shit that go on during a process.

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, • Ē • Ł • F • I'M VERY NICE TO YOU.

PULLEY: Ben Troy, how long has Craft been in school? I'm almost sure he came in with Conley.

THELONIUS SHAW: That Best buy commercial where the white guy dances to RIP is hilarious when I saw it first.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I would sure hope so Rt Brandon Pratt KC_Masterpiece I mean you kno you more than I do lol”

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Lavion, imma punch you.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Anybody still on campus?

ELEANOR RIGBY: Piggy was about to bring in that church vibrato at the end. I just got my eternal life.

THELONIUS SHAW: lets go to the moon.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Talk A Good Game, LMFAOOOO!!! Nooo for your hands, mine are always cold

ELEANOR RIGBY: • Ē • Ł • F •,  BamBam  Foreskin ignore her, Dutch.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Alexis, soooo come turn up

PULLEY: AG, yup. Usher owns more of the Cavs than he did of the Nets.

THE ABSTRACT.: ain't my type of hype.

THELONIUS SHAW: theres shyt else to do. -_-

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: ッ IG: the_prettiboid, yes!! Those sound good

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Alexis, if you were any type of cool before you lost it

KC_MASTERPIECE: After you open yourself up and give to someone special. It seems like forever to get "you" back, after things go the wrong direction

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, I'm very nice to you. I don't constantly bring up the fact that you're foreign. Because i'm nice.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Hand gloves y'all, lmao not condoms. I don't have sex.

THELONIUS SHAW: I know them greedy mothafuckas didnt eat the last of my pecan pie.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: that's tragic “Splash Adams: Ppl really named their sons storm huh”

PULLEY: Chill Dauterive, filth

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Lavion, LMAO! I actually would like to learn how to knit.
  Talk A Good Game, lmao! I can't do that in public

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, I like the fact that you're foreign. Love you to teach about American things.

FILTHY MILFY: Lol byeeeee RT Dick E. Normus: Filthy Milfy i'd sniff it...gotta smell like success &amp; banana bread

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I wouldn't mind learning how to knit tho, seems like it would relieve mad stress &amp; anxiety.

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, yesterday we had a Holiday called Thanksgiving. Maybe tonight I can tell you the history of it.

PULLEY: Can't close games.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Anywho. Happy Friday night

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: "Dook trash." - me

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Finger painting &amp; coloring in a coloring book are phenomenal!

KC_MASTERPIECE: All these damn Christmas movies are sad.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: 😎 RT {Black} Dorian Gray: Duke collapsing like they did against Kansas. Get yourselves together.
  Dook is an Unranked team if we remove the name off their jersey.

LANA DEL BAE: I have an awful attitude right now.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: E.Fields™, not coloring or finger painting lol

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, You pretended to care about me so well. :(

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: dook and NCState about to have similar resumes at the end of the year.
  As good as this Parker fella is the team sure is garbage
  LMFAOOOOOOOO RT Chip Kelly: Message RT Don Draper: We still gone sweep UNC lol”

THELONIUS SHAW: THESE NIGGAS ATE MY FUCKIN PIE.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Dook fans talking like Falcons fans after week 4. "We still beating the panthers".

ELEANOR RIGBY: The fact that C'rissa says i'm not nice her hurts my feelings. I'm very nice to everybody.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: UNC dubbed the defending champs bruh DIS AIN'T WHATCHU WANT!!!!!!

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: LMFAOOOO BYE “Murdy: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL Fat Donnie Simpson Someone said the dangling gum meat in her gap looked like a clitoris :(”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: dook gonna beat a ranked team this year?

THELONIUS SHAW: yep now niggas got to die.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: dook lose and their fans IMMEDIATELY think about them Tar Heels. Shook.
  Don't worry dook fans. YOU GONE SEE US! YOU GONE SEE THEM HEELS NIGGA!

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae, I beg to differ. I'm never mean to you!
   BamBam  Foreskin, I'M NICE.

LANA DEL BAE: ……… RT Eleanor Rigby: Lana Del Bae I beg to differ. I’m never mean to you!

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, Lana Del Bae I'm nice to the both of you. I can't think of one instance where i'm ever mean to y'all.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Free Jerry Anderson: Lil nigga in my ol lady mentions look like Mushmouth from Fat Albert” SHIT

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae,  BamBam  Foreskin I'm nice dammit! This is not up for debate.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm struggling tonight

LANA DEL BAE: Obviously this isn’t going anywhere.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Munchma Quchi, cold! About to go home &amp; eat wbu.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae, Because I'm nice and you're wrong.
  I'm a very gracious gentleman.

LANA DEL BAE: no. RT Eleanor Rigby: Lana Del Bae Because I’m nice and you’re wrong.
  ✋ No.

ELEANOR RIGBY: The most ironic part is Alysha and C'rissa the ones trying to tell ME about being nice.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Aye dook YOU GOTTA SCORE MORE THAN 60 TO BEAT MY HEELS

ELEANOR RIGBY: Case and point: two tweets below.
  The only time Alysha is nice is when she's drunk and she's 'nice' by new means.

LANA DEL BAE: SHUT UP IM ALWAYS NICE. RT Eleanor Rigby: The only time Alysha is nice is when she’s drunk and she’s ‘nice’ by new means.
  I’m just more nice when I’m drunk. But whatever.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: dook not winning 20 games this year.

ELEANOR RIGBY: And C'rissa's skin breaks out if she doesn't shade at least 6x by 5pm.
  She wakes up at 4:30pm daily.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I CANT WAIT UNTIL SUNDAY!!

ELEANOR RIGBY: LOLOL sure. RT Lana Del Bae: SHUT UP IM ALWAYS NICE.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Syracuse, Pitt, US, State, UM, FSU lmfaooooooooo DOOK DON'T STAND A CHANCE BRUH

ELEANOR RIGBY: real nice of you. RT Lana Del Bae: Eleanor Rigby SOMETHING TICKLED YOUR ASSHOLE, SLAVE?!

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I'm abnormal 😩😩😩😩 “Munchma Quchi: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL cold? White people don't get cold!!!!!”

LANA DEL BAE: Eleanor Rigby, we won’t bring up how you always have The Help amen-ing in my mentions whenever you call yourself getting loud. So don’t go there.
  I’m the wrong person to try that “I’m entitled - give me what I want” shit with.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Another night of y'all sucking off Jabitchi Parker only for him to falter in the second half.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae, 1) I don't know WHO you're talking about and 2) we both know I don't get loud. I'm a gentlemen.

LANA DEL BAE: I’m gonna sit down.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Somebody smells like weed, which reminds me o............... somebody smells like weed.

KARLITO CLARK: When the time is right everything will be right.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Parker will score 20 points in the 2nd half and get drunk at half time.
  Dook trash.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: You know what's in McDonalds chicken nuggets??? THE WORD CHICKEN. THAT'S ALL I NEED.
  They could release a consumer report that McNuggets are baby ferret assholes and scorpion larvae. Until they change that name, IDGAF.

KARLITO CLARK: Summer 2014 everything will be Right &amp; I'll have those M.S. letters.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: electric.ricky, she think she all that cuz she went to space camp and shit. fuck her.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Mayor Rob Ford: this is why I dont talk on the phone. 1hr 5min of bs that couldve been exchanged via 5 txt"

KARLITO CLARK: Maryland Monrow ., you got a twin sister that wanna date me?lol

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I, too, hate small talk. I hate talking on the phone. I hate mini convos via text where the person ultimately wants something.

J. THUNDER: Side note, my cousin's girl looks JUST like a girl I used to date. And she went to the AUC as well. Hell of a lot nicer though.

KARLITO CLARK: My night is consisting of Marvel movies &amp; cake.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Mellie Grant ♥, : When you coming back down??

KARLITO CLARK: This white chocolate cake tho&gt;&gt;&gt;

ISIAH D. COPELAND: “Número Uno ☝: i really want someone to cover Frank Ocean's "We All Try". The lyrics &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;” ima do it and send it to you!!

KARLITO CLARK: I'm start dating girls that are white chocolate.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: *prayer RT {Black} Dorian Gray: Parker and Hood can't drop 80 every game. Need another consistent scorer. Dawkins can hold us down.

J. THUNDER: The blinding light is more dangerous than the surrounding darkness.
  Since Morris Chestnut is not a Sigma, he's technically a perp from the few pics I've seen.
  Time to put some money on that nigga's head is what I'm thinking.
  Like real talk we should take his ass out. I don't take public perps of my Fraternity lightly.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Rt Mona  Oh the sunshine in your eyes could break the ice.”

J. THUNDER: Y'all think he's a Sigma because he has been perping...
  LOL RT Maryland Monrow .: studying hard and failing the test RT Girl, Bye. : 4. Sex without oral is like?

KC_MASTERPIECE: I love her Rt   Queen Justine KC_Masterpiece I just listened to "The Breakup Song" by Marsha. That shit is PERFECTION”

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): "Maryland Monrow .: studying hard and failing the test Girl, Bye.  4 Sex without oral is like?" Making sweet potato pie with Idaho reds and sugar

KC_MASTERPIECE: I serious only had a snack today. I'm dying
  I wonder if @marshaambrosious will drop some Xmas songs. Life would be great
  Dont brag Rt   Queen Justine I went ice skating today and I still got it. Got my Nancy Kerrigan on”

PULLEY: Need to send Kalia some cupcakes.

LANA DEL BAE: Chasmin is the only person replying to my text messages. She must be my man again.

J. THUNDER: Sex more than once a week? In my dreams, I'm lucky if it's once a month.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Ppl are so technical

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “THE DREADLOCK LADY: TriniThot James. All Thot Everything” thot'n out da bando

LANA DEL BAE: ✋ no.

PULLEY: Going to need a "baking assistant" Thursday.

LANA DEL BAE: obvi RT n/a If I’m responding to your texts, that means I’m single again

PULLEY: By baking assistant I mean dishwasher.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cree, massage. Candle.

J. THUNDER: Paper Chaser, Oh? Cause it ain't nothing but a move and some show 'n prove, shawty.

PULLEY: Queen, no, by dishwasher I mean somebody with two hands a rag and some Dawn

KC_MASTERPIECE: It's too dark to safely go to redbox.

PULLEY: Queen, LMBOOOO

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): New Thot City

PULLEY: LondonLorraine, stay home

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Got Hannah Montana, I'm servin tha thots out da phantom....
  “Vashti Nefertiti: Are you more likely to touch your naked spouse under the covers or yourself?” Nekkid spouse
  “Cree: “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): Cree massage. Candle.” Shower. Lotion.” Man. Down.

KARLITO CLARK: They say I got good qualities but don't wanna have me.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Pancakes sound wonderful

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Karlito Clark: They say I got good qualities but don't wanna have me.” Bruh...my. Life. Story.

KC_MASTERPIECE:   Queen Justine, and the fact that u went. I'm dying to go

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Ricardo Finland: Fanute deserves a second chance in 2014.”
  Oooh Oooh... Thot em...ooooh

KARLITO CLARK: Have you ever just sat back &amp; thought "Wow they have some beautiful women in this world" &amp; "I Thank God"

TRAP STEVE KERR: i'm kinda ready to be byke at my own place.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Número Uno ☝, : That "Hi" you sent just seemed dry, gosh, gonna beat me up??

TRAP STEVE KERR: family/charlotte dope for like a light 48 hours.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Peach drop sounds good to me

LANA DEL BAE: I’m so fake unbothered.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Número Uno ☝, : Maybe that's just how you greet, that simple "hi" has always kinda urked me, like you ain't wanna be bothered!! 😔

LANA DEL BAE: I should probably start telling people (the truth) when I’m disappointed in something they do.
  Edgar Allan Poor, be safe
  Jessicuh. , you’re right

TRAP STEVE KERR: tender-less in north carolina.

KARLITO CLARK: I'm going get me an African Woman from across seas. They know how treat a man.

ISIAH D. COPELAND: Número Uno ☝, : Well I read too much into it, I'm sorry!! I know now.... Cool??

TRAP STEVE KERR: word. i fanuted fanute a couple times recently. we gotta run that back. RT Ricardo Finland: Fanute deserves a second chance in 2014.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Keith, lmao! That's everyday

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Karlito Clark, my nigga my nigga

TRAP STEVE KERR: fanute de what and leave de what?!

ISIAH D. COPELAND: All Doniven gotta do is move here.... 🙌🙏

TRAP STEVE KERR: god blessed french montana with a career because he gave us "fanute." (c) Bad Ass Trilly Gunn

J. THUNDER: Lol RT LaLa ✌: You need a mental evaluation if you feed Chinese food to a cat.

TRAP STEVE KERR: P. Tone Starks, sounded like he was crying in the studio

KC_MASTERPIECE: Lifetime likes to use the same actors. Yuck

LANA DEL BAE: I want some Zaxbys.

TRAP STEVE KERR: P. Tone Starks, young Sadness Poitier

PULLEY: Middle of The Week, what you get me?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I'm still confused as to how/why I have actual work to do in the near future. ie. a presentation Monday and a final Wednesday

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I’m the nicest rude person you’ll ever meet.

TRAP STEVE KERR: shouldn't have left me on my birthday. RT SoloChills: Paul and KG don't deserve this

J. THUNDER: This whole having to force myself to have an appetite &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;

LANA DEL BAE: and some hugs. and some sweet tea. and some cheesecake.
  and to be in my bed.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Chef RoZsay, white Jesus just caught my tongue, yes beloved.
  So you fucked ms. Clause, meaning she's just regular... If you fucked MRS. Clause, then she would be a cheater..

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Why am I being referenced on Nicholas Styles ask? 😳 Awk

KC_MASTERPIECE: As soon as I have nothing to keep me busy...

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I'm not for everybody.

LANA DEL BAE: hate hate hate hate hate feeling like this

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 4:44, YES YES YES YES!!!!!!
  Briefs &amp; a glass of wine! BAM! “Lavion: Boxers and tee &gt;&gt; RT ⚡Mark Boulevardez™: Chillin in some sweats and a hoodie &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;”
  More like 99% “[YO]s Truly : 97% of people* RT GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I'm not for everybody.”
  😂😂😂😂😂 “DJ Mack D: I wish they call me Biskytt would stop retweeting that damn word search on my timeline!!!!!!!!!!!!”
  All day err day!! “4:44: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL Top notch shade. Lmfao. 😂”
  Lavion, LMAO! Ain't it tho!
  [YO]s Truly , lol, no one can take me
  ShuBamsBOOKED, DJ Mack D go to his profile and turn his retweets off.
  Eddie™, so he didn't pay the bill?

KC_MASTERPIECE: Looking at my Xmas tree listening to @marshaambrosious

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Eddie™, LMAOO
  DJ Mack D, ShuBamsBOOKED LMAO!! Na, I turned his retweets off LONG ago.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Earlier u were single. Liar Rt $™ ruined my day wit my special lady To help a n!66@ that don't wear man draws around his woman...

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: ...guess , Damita Jo you know what, we cared so much we forgot to tell you, said no one.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Same difference Rt $™ KC_Masterpiece lol i am single...I still got a special lady that got my attention....never call me a liar

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, don't go to sleep tonight!

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: How dare you place Chick Fil A with McD's!! Lol “Mari: Chick-Fil-A RT Lilakoi Moon: 1. Do you prefer McD's or ChikfilA fries?”
  ...guess , Damita Jo LMFAOOOO NONE WHATSOEVER

LANA DEL BAE: Yeah. Let me go.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Cree: No. I only have one dimple. On my right cheek.” 👀

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Got so many letters behind my name .. but its my name u see first

KC_MASTERPIECE: $™, if yall are spending all your time together yes
  Rt AB I'm such a hopeless romantic 😩”
  $™, would u want her with someone else

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 24 years “Lilakoi Moon: 2. Longest time you've held a job?”
  Vanilla Ice “Lilakoi Moon: 3. On an awesome scale of 1 to Kanye, what would you rate yourself?”

J. THUNDER: Wet tongue make a kitty purr...

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: K, RN, BSN, MPH. . ., Beyoncé Knowles ...guess  Alize DuVernay nicole elizabeth “Lilakoi Moon: 4. Who is your favorite female tweeter?”
  King of Queens “Lilakoi Moon: 6. Most underrated TV show?”
  I know MEAN very well, and Arabic “Lilakoi Moon: 10. Do you speak any languages besides English?”
  Hell yeah. They follow me “Lilakoi Moon: 11. Do you believe in ghosts?”
  Bae buys my expensive shit. “Lilakoi Moon: 16. Most expensive clothes item you ever bought cost how much?”
  Dubai, Kuwait, Paris, London, Manchester, Barcelona, Madrid, Morocco &amp; more “Lilakoi Moon: 18. Ever traveled internationally? If so, where?”
  Don't explain shit to me, tell it to Jesus.
  DJ Mack D, ShuBamsBOOKED hell yeah! Click on the lil circle thing lol

PABLO SANCHEZ: Take Blu Up Quick out to PF Changs, she didn't want me to tweet it but ole well. Hope her fans don't get mad...

KC_MASTERPIECE: Congrats my dear. We all deserve a good one Rt $™ Me but to answer your question,nah,we new but she lookin like da future lol”
  It is refreshing to see so many ppl happy and excited. We all want and need love

KARLITO CLARK: No matter how much my parents work my last nerve they are my everything &amp; mean the world to me.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Bella, LMAO! I'm nice in a rude way. If that makes sense

KARLITO CLARK: So if you ask bout my family &amp; truly care/concern for them Lord we may have a chance together.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: I have a beautiful job. I run a historic music venue. Like anyone who's anyone in modern soul has been thru here.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Bill Cosby doesn't believe in poor people.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 😩😩 “Dwayne: when will people learn that your words have repercussions, even if you type them on the internet? when??”

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: Algebra Sings. The end.
  The front of this girl scalp dirty lol

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Y'all can have the game fam...I'm out...I got muh queen

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: ...."you're not boo, so we can't be boo lovin"  😂😭😂 I crack myself up

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I mean...twitter just the internet...but the internet fuxked my last ish up...not this time

THELONIUS SHAW: They should add a Dumbledore's grave as a memorial in the Harry Potter theme park. shyt would be grand.
  Spray paint a trained eagle to look like a phoenix and let him loose on the memorial of his death.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Rt cheekie! “13Clarity: If you're looking for love, look in the mirror””

THELONIUS SHAW: i sear it'll be more attended than the real memorials in the US.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Pinnacle is the liquor of the ghetto “Munchma Quchi: Gross. RT Dark Skinned Beauty: Pinnacle has salted caramel and pecan pie flavored vodkas. ”

PULLEY: Ms. Johnson, just one?
  Go(o)ne Too Soon “Ms. Johnson: 20. What will the title of your eulogy be?”

TRAP STEVE KERR: young jordan crawford with the triple double.
  he think he me.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Jasmine Hill, I wonder my parents said bout johnny when I hung up

J. THUNDER: Phone about to die. Kick back just starting.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Goodnight and be safe my friends

TRAP STEVE KERR: MAN. partlow took that whole situation so personally that you gotta assume it'd happened to him too. beating was HORRIFIC.

LANA DEL BAE: Trillary Duff, tall, cute, not a dickhead, willing to take selfies with me (no particular order)

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cree, likewise love...likewise

KC_MASTERPIECE: I want an older house so bad

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Kickback at 11:30. My spot. Hmu for the address.

TRAP STEVE KERR: might gotta watch the wire again.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Ain't nobody about to come lol RT Nicholas Styles: Prosper. "Giustino Curveanova: Kickback at 11:30. My spot. Hmu for the address.

TRAP STEVE KERR: i think that was one of the saddest issues touched on in the wire. no way should anyone have to deal with physical/sexual abuse alone.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Kristina Redd, I'm in Atlanta lol

TRAP STEVE KERR: Anointed of AP, yeah you might have to rob mommy lol

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: EVAN  J., I got one lol
  If a few people show I'm just gonna play King's Cup

LANA DEL BAE: Kenard L. Chambers, LMFAO A NASTY BAR

PULLEY: &lt;---- gives scalp massages, foot rubs and bakes cupcakes

A NAME ABOVE ALL: At national harbor with my morehouse team

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Skylar Cruz, another one bites the dust 🚶😒😞

PULLEY: Queen, you tried to it Byanka

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: &lt;----- currently running thru a bowl of ham. Sore throat be damned.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Skylar Cruz, a terribly executed joke that I won't explain because then it affirms my and its lameness

PULLEY: Queen, how'd I know?
  Queen, nope only three

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Antwan M. Harris , he went to Jaredsssss *faints*

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Bae gon get this work when I get home...THIS WORK...you hear me? 👂👂👂

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: 😎 RT {Black} Dorian Gray: The phrase "the win over Duke" just hurts my soul.

PULLEY: This Allen Iverson 30 for 30 was dope.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Couldn't think of a better way to start the bday weekend than with a dook loss 😎

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): andre 3k, you a twitter honey?
  “LOVELY⚡️: Cold sore aka Herpes SIMPLEX 1 😷” everybody got simplex 1...it's simplex 2 that's a problem

LANA DEL BAE: 18 year olds are like the worst people on the planet.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I'm not meant to be in a relationship. I don't really believe in signs but shit this might be one

KC_MASTERPIECE: Quietest day/night of life

WOO: Philosophy major? RT Sean B: Usually the person you argue with the most 👊😠 Is the person you love the most 💍💎💏💗💑🔐✊

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): andre 3k, I was just checkin...twitter honeys ain't welcome roun deez pahts...the curve like spaghetti junction...
  andre 3k, those are the requirements?

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: If people don't show by 12 I'm facing one of these bottles by myself.

LANA DEL BAE: My classes started back today. Whoops.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Too late to listen to Drake? Never too late for Drake. Never.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Long ass day of work and now I just wanna lay up and watch movies honestly. But I'm about to sit here, tweet, and listen to music.
  What a life I tell ya...

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): KV so fuckin spoiled...SO...
  KV literally can say "polo...get me (insert bullshit object)" and I be like "😒😒😒...where is it?"

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Antwan M. Harris , I'm coming with you!

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Cree: Somebody PLEASE let Bow Wow know that he's lame lol” and pweeze free my nigga boosie...PWEEZE

WOO: Lmfao. U hoes so petty. Why am I a thought tho?

ELEANOR RIGBY: You have to me real middle classed and fully enjoy this Cosby special.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I stay down. Girl I'll always stay down. Get down never lay down. Promise to break everybody off bro re i breakdown.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Tripping bruh RT Nicholas Styles: I fuck with Kings of Leon way harder than I fuck fuck with Coldplay... Sorry, I tired.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Antwan M. Harris , watch ppl start texting you lol

ELEANOR RIGBY: Kenard L. Chambers, Micheal Baesdan   BamBam  Foreskin Julian Shirtsinger Lana Del Bae sent. again....

WOO: I made all my shit public so u folks could look without having to ask ur friends to follow me. Smh

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Someone please work Drake's first verse off "Furthest Thing" into my eulogy and tombstone script, please. Who can I trust with this?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I love engagements 🙊 omg

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Auntie Carlotta still whippin ass on this spades table...it's 12am breh

ELEANOR RIGBY: welp. i tried.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I gotta plan for Christmas...it involves all the bae-tivities
  Unfortunately the Rockettes aren't n Atlanta anytime soon...but...my back up plan so skrong

PULLEY: Filth Pope™, don't buy anything so you can bounce back next year

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I need to fly back to Chicago...hit the jimmy choo store...new loafers for me...somethin for her

LANA DEL BAE: I will never put myself through that again.

TRAP STEVE KERR: *jumps down from the rafters to save Preezy*

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Dang Carver lost....again. Football team ain't been the same since my Sophomore year.

WOO: Aight I'm done. You hoes silly

TRAP STEVE KERR: let me dig in my favorites for this gem...

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: "Top 10 Thanksgiving Moments" on NFL Network.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I also need to get my chest piece/calf piece done by Miya Bailey™ PaperFrank and Charity Hamidullah

LANA DEL BAE: THEY ARE SO LOUD WTF

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Antwan got me ready to send my ex a dissertation text professing my never ending love for him

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: This is why I holiday shop online, I can't STAND when people are so close to me

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): But...imma start small...I wanna have a lil somethin for when I get home...stone mtn far

LANA DEL BAE: Never going to sleep.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Smells like 😿...I eat that

ELEANOR RIGBY: SPECIAL GUEST NIGHT!

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I'll bodied bridesmaids will not b tolerated at my wedding...as a matter of fact..;the way my friends are set up...they gotta b fine af

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: ..., if Rodgers was playing I'd give it to you. Ain't nobody care about Flynn

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Can I make Tenn Peaches a groomsman or nah?
  Still haven't been to the Ferris wheel...don't wanna go now...

PULLEY: Resisting the temptation to go get Cook-Out.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): "A$AP Pharoah (PhD): Smells like 😿...I eat that" 👈 Cree

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: 7/10 thanksgiving moments about to involve the cowboys

ALIEN ARTIST: Tyler Best, Fuck anyone who tells you that. They are lazy cuntbags.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: ..., this joint boutto be 80% cowboys and a little Favre
  &lt;---- first ballot cuddle hall of famer

LANA DEL BAE: my old eyebrow lady liked my picture on facebook :((((((
  come do my eyebrows :(((((
  i need to be in virginia RIGHT NOW.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Danielle, J.D., June lol

THELONIUS SHAW: This midnight blue chick with poetic justice braids from new orleans gets in my car with my friend talkn mad shyt. naw ma, calm it down.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Shaquille O'Neal of the cuddle.

ALIEN ARTIST: Manny K. Soul, I want something for my iPod, but selections are so limited for such a thing. lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: I love love 🙈❤️

ELEANOR RIGBY: C'rissa is going to wear nasty rhinestone church hat.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Danielle, J.D., wanted to go ahead and get it out of the way. I feel like Oct would be too last minute. Trying to take it once and be done

KC_MASTERPIECE: This must be crazy movie night

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cree, I'm not tryna go if you've been already

KC_MASTERPIECE: Im TeamFuckya, welp I lose

A NAME ABOVE ALL: I'm a weirdo. .I keep starin at Chill Dauterive picture .. amh I gotta do better

ELEANOR RIGBY: Caramel said fuck everything.

LANA DEL BAE: Carissa is telling Caramel to say hi and she fell asleep adogijkladsf.afs'dpk

KC_MASTERPIECE: Im TeamFuckya, blk and blonde is better anyways

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Social Light. : fuck you &amp; ery nigga came wit cha!!!” FUCK EM!
  “La Fawnduh: All this for not though. This ain't gone result to shit. You ain't gone pop shit off and ain't gone let shit start” *naught

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Sittin in my nana's living room looking at old photo albums. It's been two decades. Where did the time go?

KC_MASTERPIECE: Im TeamFuckya, I agree

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I remember me and my cousins use to be "those black boys" that always wrestled and played football in the house.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Tenn Peaches, sis u keep me winnin
  Ion want no cloth toilet paper fam...baby wipes...toilet PAPER...PAPER...

SKINNY LUTHER : How does one not love Kanye and Trina? Furthermore, why hasn't a Kanye and Trina track happened?
  Actually, neither of them are the versions of themselves I fell in love with.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Tenn Peaches, Is that why women fuck with me?
  “Skinny Luther : How does one not love Kanye and Trina? Furthermore, why hasn't a Kanye and Trina track happened?” I'm here for this
  I be smokin and sayin the deepest sciency shit....girls be like "I ain't kno u smoke weed...and u got a degree?!"...girl yes

SKINNY LUTHER : This bed is about to be love.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Bought this fur vest last year and I still haven't worn it yet...still waiting for the right occasion

ELEANOR RIGBY: "It's not a healthy ex-relationship." Lmaooooooo

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I've decided that I'm adopting a Siberian Husky within the next few months

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Cree: Well bae I wanna go the Ferris wheel so.....” Sooooo? Still not going
  Foot down...we. Not. Goin.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I'm too fine to be sitting in the mall tonight or at home.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Found a Polaroid of me and my cousins in the tub lmaooooooo

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Delusional...I'm not bending...it's gon take some shit to get me to budge on this

LANA DEL BAE: If I see Chasmin for NYE 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩

WOO: Cuz that's what it's about smh lol RT Princess Jazmine : Evelyn pregnant by a baseball player worth $153 million . Chad who ?

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I don't argue baby girl...I say no once...then I look u n the eye and kiss ur forehead...and play GTA V
  Black Amiga  Lucy, and I'm IN Philly...

LANA DEL BAE: feeling very rare.

ELEANOR RIGBY: still mad at him.

BRO JACKSON: Tom TibbehTOE, 4s, 7s, 8s, and 11s dope too
  Tom TibbehTOE, cornerstone of sneakerhead collections

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: NUMBA 1 STUNNA WILL FOREVER BE MY SONG!!! The Holy Spirit was PRESENT for that creation!

MEREDITH TRAY: I wanna fight my bae so bad right now.

KC_MASTERPIECE: Random back cramps. What have I done?

MEREDITH TRAY: I think I'll just go eat instead though.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: You belong to me. I belong to them. Who do I give me to? Who do I let win?

WOO: My lil nigga Jabari Brown had 24 pts n 9 Rebs and he made all his free throws lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: It's the wanting you Never getting you Keeps me wanting you

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: They do. It's why I'm single “Dr. Narcisse: Y'all beautiful women be testing out how a guy's last name sounds after yours?”

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Charity Hamidullah, I NEED you on my calf piece pretty lady...NEED...this vision I had is specifically for u

WOO: Why u can't be tryna free up storage space lol RT Z: If you delete texts... You're a cheater.

SKINNY LUTHER : Kammy, always.

LANA DEL BAE: Shorty Guwop., fine ass.

SKINNY LUTHER : Tenn Peaches, where?

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: vi., just the time unfortunately

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Never tweet through it. Never. No matter how real it gets.
  KΔNG ROB, Jhenè be speakin to my heart

LANA DEL BAE: “I’m so tired of this stir-fry chef.”

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Short niggas stay gettin played...I'm sleep doe...I already won

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Sometimes it gets real, but that's when you gotta go old school with that pen and paper because these 140s will get you caught up
  Mami., awww lol. Thanks

ELEANOR RIGBY: I don't like Asians.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Yamileth, awww thanks 😁

KC_MASTERPIECE: Deep in thought. Gn

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Tom TibbehTOE, I've learned from experience....just trying to be the best me I can be

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: LIFE IS WORK! “Aman G. ♍️: Your whole life? BYE Carl! 😂😒 “GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 24 years “Lilakoi Moon: 2. Longest time you've held a job?”””

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Shorty Guwop., still bn a stranger dude

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Aman G. ♍️, oh it is a gift, it's a gift I have to grow into each year

LANA DEL BAE: I hate that I always feel like I need to reply to people.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Seems like I'm ways making the decisions, this is why I don't leave my house to hang with other people.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Chelsea, rightttt lmaooo. They turnt 😭😂

MEREDITH TRAY: I bought a Vera Wang cardigan today that doubles as a tent if you get lost in the woods. Or a cocoon.

LANA DEL BAE: Murdy, were they white? or.
  SUGAR ON GREENS. GTF

MEREDITH TRAY: Gonna ignore that sugar on greens tweet because I don't get involved with the devil's work.

WOO: U just gotta observe.

J. THUNDER: Bitches be single for a got damn reason.

ELEANOR RIGBY: paid in advance.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Shorty Guwop., saul good potna...u still my nigga my nigga

ELEANOR RIGBY: 1/3 RT Yung Cellulite: dont put sugar on grits, rice or greens.
  Sugar is perfectly fine in rice and grits. BUT THIS AIN'T MY MOMENT.
  Back to your regularly scheduled scrimmage read.

LANA DEL BAE: Edgar Allan Poor, you are.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Yung Cellulite, like your vagina.
  Yung Cellulite, THIS AIN'T MMMYYYY MOMENT.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: How did people slander back in the day? Did you write letters, make copies, and distribute them? Or what?

LANA DEL BAE: “I just want to drive around and fuck bitches.”

ELEANOR RIGBY: The only thing you need to put on your greens is a prayer.

LANA DEL BAE: Edgar Allan Poor, what actions?
  Hustle Marsalis, somebody I follow said they put sugar on greens

ELEANOR RIGBY: n/a, NO. GET AWAY FROM ME.
  Murdy, no. Silence looks good on you.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This video of Skinny Luther  singinh TLC ... COMEDY!!!

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Only 1:34. Feels like its 4am.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Filth Pope™, nahhh it's ppl that were lame in high school that come to college and try to be cool...they're the ones

SKINNY LUTHER : I turned it. RT A Name Above All: This video of Skinny Luther  singinh TLC ... COMEDY!!!

LANA DEL BAE: 305 to my city
  Carissa: Who makin' their ass clap? Kenard: Me.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: My whole TL is talking about relationships now....thanks 2016 😂😭

WOO: It's prolly too cold to be going to football games

LANA DEL BAE: it's over and donneeee but the heartache lives on… insiiiiddeeeee.

J. THUNDER: Bruh RT K.o. Cudi: worst thing about girls in the AUC, they will curve you and smash your roommate like it aint nothing… HEARTLESS

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: You gotta take rumors with a grain of salt, because if ppl can't find anything to say, they'll make something up.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Skinny Luther , yes u did! I was jammin

SKINNY LUTHER : General Patton. ♓, A Name Above All it's on Johnny's phone.

J. THUNDER: Trouble Unchained, that's more of a G moment

LANA DEL BAE: Dr. Escobar L., what's that?

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: In the AUC, people that you are barely acquainted with, will have the audacity to TELL you what you've been doing

LANA DEL BAE: Me: What's the 31st on? Kevin: November or December? Me: There is no 31st of November…. Kevin: Oh, well there used to be.
  Dr. Escobar L., LMFAO

SKINNY LUTHER : A Name Above All, thank you.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Can somebody make a tacky Christmas sweater kickback happen?  Thanks,  Management
  Desiree', Davidson

LANA DEL BAE: Me: Wasn't he doing cocaine until he died? Kenard: Ohhh… it must've been laced with yeast.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Between Out On A Limb or Dear Lover, I don't know which one Teena Marie sang her heart out on.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Desiree', it's a few ppl from ARC in the AUC. Cross creek too

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I need liposuction :-(
  Smurfette, I need my back to look a certain way
  Rizzmyster, on my back :-(
  Shantél , ME TOO!! I was just going in on that one! Lord I miss her
  E.Fields™, LOL!! I'll tell you!!
  Can we have a passionate encounter with Rain by SWV on repeat? You say my name, &amp; I'll hold you tight &amp; whisper yours.
  E.Fields™, more like 4 I'm back in LA lol
  Can I rain on your face? 😂😂😂

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Desiree', we're out here. Just scattered lol

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Smurfette, lol, removing a lil meat won't hurt nobody
  E.Fields™, my momma an nem didn't tell me when they were leaving smh
  😂😂😂😤😤 “Alize DuVernay: Carlos…😕 “GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Can I rain on your face? 😂😂😂””
  Smurfette, lol, I'm happy, maybe a tattoo will make me feel better
  I'm about to start doing more cardio &amp; 1000 cal a day diet lol.
  This food is so good it's making me depressed 😤😤😩😩
  I love my loyal followers lol. Y'all keep me sane.
  Sike, I would be a fool to place my sanity in the hands of someone other than Me Myself &amp; I.

LANA DEL BAE: You don't mean that, guise. RT Mary Bae Blige: ALSO RT Blowie Deschanel: I want Alysha to get away from me.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Imma change you with my love &amp; sensitivity. !!!! Rick James said that
  nicole elizabeth, LMFAO!!!! I'm cracking up!!
  I put a spell on you, because you're mine...
  DJ be raisin hell I tell ya.
  Albus Percival, that's all that hell trying to get outta you.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I need some colon.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I'm happy!! “Professor Xavier: RT Bae Bae's Kid: "The desirables" are the unhappiest ones if you look closely.”
  Albus Percival, it's moving to your house
  The dumbbell lmao “Rizzmyster: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL Where's Bae though?”
  Miguel, the Irish Whiskey on Main Street !

J. THUNDER: Buddha eyes, soul ease in tree lies...

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: It was a dumbbell you hater! I started to post the pic of a bottle lmao

ELEANOR RIGBY: why is everyone being disgusting?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Cc: Albus Percival “...guess : Avesha Avatara I hate people on twitter”

J. THUNDER: Oh aight.

ELEANOR RIGBY: everyone (read: Iris)

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Don't share my bed and be bad....u askin to b groped and fucked...dassit

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I wonder does Randy Crawford have a twitter
  Me too, dressin, collards, sweet potatoe pie “Rizzmyster: I just ate some turkey though.”
  Rizzmyster, oh that was earlier

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): YoursTruly, you wasn't readdddyyyyyyy

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Professor Xavier, oh okay lol
  Ricky, have a seat !
  Albus Percival, ...guess  barely
  👀👀👀👀 “Lady Succubus : Choke me til I pass out”
  If you're drunk/tipsy RT... If you're out don't RT cause you don't want to catch a case via twitter.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Jhené Chilombo: have fun , be safe ... goodnight ✨💙” lemme eat dat butt Jhene

J. THUNDER: QTNA RT LaLa ✌: Who fuckin tonight tho? 👀 Friend wants to know.

SKINNY LUTHER : A Name Above All, did you get into my lip synching though?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 “Munchma Quchi: YP liked that...”

J. THUNDER: Get fit with the ego and now they want to notice. Haha.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Lotta money...lotta luggage...lotta hoes...when u puttin n work...that's how it goes

SKINNY LUTHER : Eating Isiah D. Copeland's mama's mac and cheese in the clouds. God is good.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Sto what? That's like 13 bucks, I'll continue to pass “Israel : GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL Jason Waterfalls Ketel One is gross lol..Stoli can be good”

J. THUNDER: Cute white girls busting their shit in the cold is always hilarious

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I haven't seen it “...guess : like, I will be the last person to see "black nativity"”
  Israel , Jason Waterfalls that's a well drink in American clubs &amp; bars

J. THUNDER: Got too much anger in my heart. Got to work on that.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: That's false lol “Vice vs Virtue: Light skinned guys are supposed to be nice ( ._.)”

LANA DEL BAE: i need a new plan.

J. THUNDER: RC, okay snarky Ms snark

EASY EARLY: Jack Daniels.. Whiskey “Mary Bae Blige: Peach Bacardi rum 😋 RT Jason Waterfalls: What is your favorite brand and type of liquor?”
  Mary Bae Blige, good to know though

LANA DEL BAE: n/a, that too!

EASY EARLY: AEC, I agree. It's been too long

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Jason Waterfalls, Fake Original what life were u raised in? Who's never seen New Jersey Drive
  Fake Original, Jason Waterfalls he wouldn't know about those.
  Phony Braxton , what's pity sex?

LANA DEL BAE: I forgot 18 year old boys never sleep. I feel like stomping their brains out.
  with my boot.

ELEANOR RIGBY: I have to find a hobby by tomorrow morning.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Phony Braxton , ohhhhh that's just terrible! Lmao!! Why would u do that

LANA DEL BAE: n/a, you welcome bae

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cammy G, the spirit of The Lord is strong in you

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Phony Braxton , 😂😂😂 well I hope you've grown from that!!

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cammy G, and then satan came...
  Cammy G, u started going to church...then the devil got u again
  Cammy G, cammy u used to b my Patna...
  I luh white women...but really just making the sex with white women

LANA DEL BAE: n/a

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Cammy G, I guess...u still need to eat...skinny junts take Ls n the winter...but...u pretty af too...so...u might b iight lol
  Cammy G, I ain't never blaspheme black women...I luh y'all
  Cammy G, wait what?! When dis happen? Eye need concrete evidence

J. THUNDER: Doesn't feel like 3.

LANA DEL BAE: why the hell.
  What a shitball person. Ugh

ELEANOR RIGBY: I actually had to think about that but got lazy. lol
  Because truth be told, if i'm trapped on an island and it doesn't feel like vacation, feel free to kill me quickly.
  Because I wanted to bring my kindle at first but then I realized it would die. And if it dies, I die.
  I miss my granma. I gotta go see her sooner than soon.
  Murdy, not by me. But yes.

J. THUNDER: Not going to sleep. Got the loudest snoring homie in america grabbing the other couch in my room....
  Sekret Agent, Nah, it's on the mind nah shawty. Or are you not eem bout it?
  Got to drive back to Chicago in like two hours.... Bruh.
  Just trying to find some rest.

PULLEY: She's COGIC? Nahhhhhhh.

WOO: I Ain't hearing that shit

FILTHY MILFY: Otis Elba, u never know, genetics are funny that way. I never thought I'd have a child your color but I do
  Why am I even up right now

WOO: Jess lucky I ain't wake her up to go to the gym this morning.

FILTHY MILFY: SharkCeejuh, hurry up then lol

KC_MASTERPIECE: Thinking... should be sleep

FILTHY MILFY: Mr. Marcus Mariota, exactly. I woke up with that on my mind
  SharkCeejuh, oh? Let me be your manager
  SharkCeejuh, lol cuz you know me well
  LilHomieInTheRegal, idk. The last time I went there my date "forgot" his wallet. Lmao I ain't went back since

KC_MASTERPIECE: I keep forgetting

FILTHY MILFY: LilHomieInTheRegal, lol this was like back when I was 18

WOO: Dang I ain't mean to like that

FILTHY MILFY: Smaug Da Magnificent, what does it tell you about them?
  Smaug Da Magnificent, I need to do that. I don't have any lists but that might be helpful
  Smaug Da Magnificent, I just checked to see what lists I'm on.....camel toe, gives rooster neck, ain't shit....lol I'm bout to quit Twitter
  Smaug Da Magnificent, yeah I tend to unfollow people I don't really interact with or if your tweets don't make me laugh
  Smaug Da Magnificent, nah, you're funny lol

BEAR : Thank You Heavenly Father!!!!

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: I'm really starting to hate Google Chrome.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Learn Better. Know Better. Do Better. Be Better.

KARLITO CLARK: Morning World

J. THUNDER: Becky, but on the side note I miss y'all.

WOO: Man shut up n get dressed lol RT Jess. : Oooo I can't believe it
  Finna get in a good workout but I don't know what yet. Then gon fuck with the Howard game

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Cree: I'm ready for every single one of these UNINVITED greedy mfs to take they ass back where they came from.” I'm sayin tho

J. THUNDER: On the road again off this good hour of siesta.

WOO: A pretty woman.....

J. THUNDER: Becky, that's why you master self and allow life to deal with the rest.

WOO: Look in ya eyes n watch the sunrise
  Puffy went on one after him n J. Lo broke up 😩😂

J. THUNDER: Good morning, good people.

KARLITO CLARK: Slept like krap last night. Yet I'm up at the crack of dawn.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "For some folks, life is a hill. You can either climb or stay at the bottom."

PABLO SANCHEZ: “IG:effortlessfinesse: I wonder if he's up yet🙇”----yea I'm up

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "You can curse it. You can...erode it. You can find a way around it. Those are understandable endeavors. Staying at the bottom is not."

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: "Micavelli: Bet y'all won't @ y'all boos...... 👀👀👀" Pablo Sanchez”----🌾👀🌾

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "Some folks are born halfway up the hill and others on the top. The rest of us are not..If life for you is a hill, be a world-class climber"

WOO: Jagged edge was pretty dope too tho

J. THUNDER: How you gone replace one C but not the other? SlippingRT Karlito Clark: Slept like krap last night. Yet I'm up at the crack of dawn.
  After the third fight RT UOENOHSO: |. what time do clubs in Atlanta close?
  Canada stay losing

KARLITO CLARK: J. Thunder, big time bro. I be getting lazy. I apologize.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Tenn Peaches, EVERY SITUATION!

KARLITO CLARK: Would it be bad if I miss a meeting even tho I know where &amp; when it is; plus I'm gonna be in town.
  I'm looking for a red bone &amp; when I find her ima tap her like a Fed phone.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Did she really ask about a gift card? Smh
  C4 got all the juice...
  “IG:effortlessfinesse: “Pablo Sanchez: “IG:effortlessfinesse: I wonder if he's up yet🙇”----yea I'm up” lol good morning”---👋😏

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Ready for Saturday brunch.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Iron Chef Boom: Money is Money. "Blu Up Quick: How you feel about a guy using a gift card on a date?"”

BEAR : 20/59 S toward Tuscaloosa aint ever been THIS empty on Saturday during football season. Could do doughnuts on the highway and hit NOBODY.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: "You're my annnnnnnnnnnngeelll. Ohhhhhhhhhh annnnnnnnnnngeeelllll." - John Legend

BEAR : Yes. You will. Aabama Wins. 42-17. RT ...Felicia?...: I juuuust might have to watch that Alabama Auburn game.
  ===&gt; RT Fishscale Enthusiast: ~~&gt; RT RUDE BOY: how can a grown ass man like auburn?
  I dont see how yall think Auburn gon win this game...

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: *hollers like Ric Flair* OWWWWWWWWW! That negro was fine”----want this Gatorade or nah?
  Kobe's babymama, naw lol I know better than that

BEAR : Auburn's Defense has stopped NObody. NObody has stopped Alabama from scoring.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Big Neè ✊✨: He so fuckin' childish, I can't fw that 🙅”---I'm sorry boo, can you take me back?
  Kobe's babymama, yea, I see you running game boo lol
  This ATL weather has my immune system in a chokehold
  Mom dukes was so clutch yesterday morning

J. THUNDER: Muhfuckas always got opinions.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I need to know exactly how much cold medicine is too much. Cuz I sent myself on a little trip yesterday and I'm not trynna die today.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Had so much planned for my 4 day weekend, and only did two things. Had lunch wit my LBs and did community service. Still mad I didn't TU

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “MissJamieJones: If u consider urself a man of Morehouse or a Morehouse man.....lAct like one and not a damn female” we not doin this again lol
  MissJamieJones, whelp...

PABLO SANCHEZ: Blu Up Quick, ummmm idk you tell me
  Shots Fired! “MissJamieJones: If u consider urself a man of Morehouse or a Morehouse man.....lAct like one and not a damn female”
  Every woman deserves to be in love with a Morehouse man
  MissJamieJones, oh ok lol I think I took that kinda personal
  MissJamieJones, oh shit lol ok
  “yazmine alaina: + my Kappa daddy be mad because I do. RT Pablo Sanchez: RT if you love Da Bruhz”---tell him right year wrong month lol
  MissJamieJones, same to you mam
  “[YO]s Truly : iWant to RETWEET that tweet sooooo bad, but iMma chill”---thanks

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, A$AP Pharoah (PhD) y'all don't take a break huh?
  And... They never loved us “J. Thunder: Muhfuckas always got opinions.”
  Mona , hope u got tissues

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Sammich Artist: MJQ is NOT the place to go &amp; get chose.... But last night o_____O”---they got all the freaky hipster hoes there

J. THUNDER: Victoria, good morning!
  General Patton. ♓, thanks

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Burna: ladies be HONEST how many niggas you screen shot a week?”

EASY EARLY: Well maybe not deserve. But atleast get the chance to

PABLO SANCHEZ: Niña Leeeeeeeeeeeë, funny much?
  Sammich Artist, gettin all the hoes

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Transitioning back to reality :(

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Angelle Cakes: What are some of your favorite small businesses?” WizDum Clothing Co.
  Everybody go follow WizDum Clothing Co.....y'all get ready for these new drops comin to ya fashion worl'

PABLO SANCHEZ: Sammich Artist, wow ok Nevermind sir

J. THUNDER: That's a misinformed opinion right there....

PABLO SANCHEZ: Why cant someBODY get me breakfast for once...sheesh

BEAR : "/ RT Betty Ann's Daughter: Wish Jonathan was off so he could watch the game with us.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): cp, Tenn Peaches hol up ✋...y'all junts drinkin wine on the go now?! C'mon mayne
  Got REAL Memphis on dat last tweet
  “La Fawnduh: Cuz I give 0 fucks RT @whoisjayhines Taura will call you at 7am YOUR time and expect you to be up. On your OFF DAY. lol”
  cp, Tenn Peaches what kinda alcoholic shit are u on Chanera, KaVindra?
  Tenn Peaches, I hate when u ask me for shit...I really do

EASY EARLY: I'm on my Polo shit... I'm on wifey patrol.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): *Uses groupon to buy KV weak ass on-the-go vino cups*

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Tenn Peaches: "I got into a car accident" damn bae... Sooo that means u not gone b able to drop that dick off today huh?”---damn lol
  “Easy Early: I'm on my Polo shit... I'm on wifey patrol.”
  So difficult

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): KV knows I don't ever tell her no...ever...cept like one time

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Look at the Lord God working mighty and wondorous miracles in the lives of his creation on this day in that

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “Trent Boyett: Just got pulled over. May be gettin locked. Cross ya fingera” you not goin nowhere fam
  KV don't ask for nothin...but when she does I don't say no...she knows I luh ha
  Trent Boyett, what they pull u for?

EASY EARLY: He bullshittin. He ain't comin back “LosCauz: ATL what up?! I aint gonna stop seeing yall whats popping?!”

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): The fact that KV knows I spend a cool 50 a week on cigars is ridiculous

EASY EARLY: Who in the hell is KV? “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): KV knows I don't ever tell her no...ever...cept like one time”

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Easy Early, some random memphian

EASY EARLY: I thought KV loved me the most out the group. FUCK

PULLEY: Michigan will not win.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I fucked all the way up when I lost TMW...and I can definitely admit that

EASY EARLY: Tenn Peaches, Rae is with me. And who is my boo? Id like to meet her

PULLEY: Doubting that Auburn wins.

EASY EARLY: I swear I don't ignore calls on purpose
  My mom is mad at me for the same thing

BEAR : Its my I wanna be sad but I'm too grown for that shxt face... RT Betty Ann's Daughter: BEAR  what?!

EASY EARLY: Tenn Peaches, lol I love my daughter

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Happy af for her and all...sik3...
  Nah I'm legit happy for her
  Tenn Peaches, I'm bout to txt u

BEAR : Thank God today wont be too hard at all...

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Ain't too many women that'll put up with yo cheatin ass...and they know u cheatin...and they STILL bn faithful...
  “La Fawnduh: I graduate in exactly 2 weeks. Down to the minute!” We n dat bitch turnt up to da max Tenn Peaches
  Nae Nae dancin all at Taura graduation n my morehouse alumni t-shirt with Tenn Peaches

FILTHY MILFY: Warren Fuckit, lol that's what I should've been doing

J. THUNDER: My aunt asked me if I was gay again...

EASY EARLY: 3rd wheelin ass “Hamdingo: Now that I think about it that dude Brock on Pokémon was probably the thirstiest dude of all time”

KC_MASTERPIECE: My bed seems to he the only safe place

EASY EARLY: *Or MissJamieJones ... “Sloane Peterson: "Girl y u never ready? For as long as u took u better look like Halle Berry 😌Or Beyonceeeee.... "”

J. THUNDER: Nah... Just can't seem to get a good woman to bring to y'all...

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm not sure how ppl justify being so cold to ppl they care about, but it each his own

EASY EARLY: Thor &amp; FinishHer will take over America.

LANA DEL BAE: I want a ham biscuit.

J. THUNDER: She asked me if it was women tripping, told her I'm starting to think it's me. That hurt her probably more than me being gay would.

KC_MASTERPIECE: I'm thankful to have clarity

EASY EARLY: MissJamieJones, that's a totally diff story. Go off.

J. THUNDER: But in their eyes I'm golden and on paper I am. Won't find many with my worth but this is real life lol. Not a romance novel.

FILTHY MILFY: Good morning everyone

EASY EARLY: I would never hit a woman... But I will shake the shit out of u. Both of us gonna have brain damage

J. THUNDER: Fairly ODDmother, cause I can't keep or get an actual relationship
  Can't blame her. Last girl she formally meet was six years ago.
  Fairly ODDmother, nah. It probably won't.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Im crying...crying

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: What do you get a dark skinned girl for Christmas?

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): My friends uncle told him his dick was shorter than the iPhone..4
  Ain't even get the extra inch...I'm weak

KC_MASTERPIECE: Getting rid of every reminder. Holding on only holds ppl back
  If someone chooses to leave, let them.

WOO: Time to get it in

J. THUNDER: It's like I'm not even chilling, I just be losing in these streets.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: ayoungicyveteran., why gold?

FILTHY MILFY: Patrick J., what's up with you?

J. THUNDER: General Patton. ♓, I haven't been trying to.

EASY EARLY: I don't get friend zoned
  We ain't friends

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “No Chill: lotion RT ChristopherPatterson What do you get a dark skinned girl for Christmas?” Bruh

EASY EARLY: If u friend zone me, it means we had sex and didn't like it... So we just bowed out of the race.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, I think PostBadBeards doesn't like me lol

KHIA: Steve, I ❤️💛💚 U😘

FILTHY MILFY: YOUNG G-DA, what's up with you

KHIA: Elite 4 Sam Jones, I ❤️💛💚 U
  Tiledo Torpedo, I ❤️💛💚 U

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: ayoungicyveteran., how you change your avi so fast. I thought it was a new person lol

J. THUNDER: But in defense winning isn't as sweet without having known the taste of defeat.

CHRISTOPHERPATTERSON: “General Patton. ♓: “ChristopherPatterson: What do you get a dark skinned girl for Christmas?” 😂😂” this is a serious question Ashley. Don't laugh.

EASY EARLY: This is some Thorish ass shit. “J. Thunder: But in defense winning isn't as sweet without having known the taste of defeat.”
  It's Christmas music season... I'm content

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: "IMA BRING YOU SOME VICKS RUB AND SOME THICK SOCKS." I don't have time for this, Auntie. I really don't.

EASY EARLY: Some toilets were designed only with women in mind. Some men know what struggle I'm talkin about.

FILTHY MILFY: Pistol Pete, lol I wish I would've waken up like that

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Tenn Peaches: “Joe Budden: Chicks will let their pubes grow out to their knees when they aren't fucking, lol” 😂😂😂”

FILTHY MILFY: Patrick J., just waking up. No class this morning so I'm chillin

PABLO SANCHEZ: Niggas eat a bowl of chitlins but don't eat ass....I'm lost.

FILTHY MILFY: Nerdy Mcfly✈, oh ok I got you

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: Who cooking breffus so I can come over. I'll bring my own drink” and I'll bring the di...nvm
  Haven't had good breakfast in over a week smh I'm losing
  Fuck this sinus congestion bruh

J. THUNDER: I'm low key self conscious about a lot of the scars and marks on my body. Got to start looking at them as tattoos from life.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Niggas get on the phone and start walking around and doing shit for no reason. Lol

J. THUNDER: This though... RT Easy Early: Some toilets were designed only with women in mind. Some men know what struggle I'm talkin about.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Da Bearded Fat Boy  : Once you hit 5'7 a bathtub too small for you. I need legroom”

FILTHY MILFY: Just calling me all types of bitches early in the morning lol

J. THUNDER: Lmao just called him out. No time for the fake.

EASY EARLY: ., so is her granddaughter

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: I was single in a 3 year relationship smh.” *1.5 year

FILTHY MILFY: Basically RT A$VP Sunshine : Waste my time, money, or pussy you outta here.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Mic Checka™: Lightskin men who have beards and/or dreads &gt;&gt;   😍”----did I make the cut?

WOO: See the steering wheel is fendi, dashboard Armani.... Wit cha baby mama playa is where u can find me

FILTHY MILFY: A grown man better not have em on RT Rebecca : My brain is having a hard time picturing cuffed jeans in 2013

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Andrea Morgan, thanks, I hope so too

FILTHY MILFY: William Munny, lol I wasn't ready for that response. I was rolling

PULLEY: Scooter Taylor, I may do my program like that as well

FILTHY MILFY: The only person I've seen with cuffed jeans on was the man that was the karaoke dj at the spot I go to karaoke at. And guess what?

J. THUNDER: @illst8gohard, that's the grind pay off bro. Motivation for all this shit.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: *sits on the other side of the table*

MEREDITH TRAY: "Please stop talking about the reality of your position in society because it makes me feel weird."

WOO: Big stars. Big cars. Big shows. Big hoes. Big draws.

FILTHY MILFY: He's in jail now for molesting kids. So I automatically associate cuffed pants with pedophiles now

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Is this like the short man's plight or something??

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, no she cheated lol

WOO: Ayyyyyeeee. I'm in the 9th grade again. 6th period PE. Johnny Bo van at the gym.

MEREDITH TRAY: "Could you take a moment from validating your life experience to me to assure me I'm not a part of the problem?"

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, yup she was a hoe

EASY EARLY: Never know your luck when there's a free for all...

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Da Bearded Fat Boy  : Black chicks who love white guys always have the most fucked up weave tho lol”

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Ever want somebody to be great more than they want it for themselves?

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, friends for 2 years then together ummm I forgot

MEREDITH TRAY: "Maybe if you just conform to the normative white culture and be happy with your second class citizenship, race wouldn't be a problem."

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, it was a waste boo smh

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: This must be some up north shit. Which lets me know I don't have to give a fuck about it because it's automatically trash, off top.

MEREDITH TRAY: I had some friends that thought redundant meant stupid and they used those words interchangeably with fervor.

FILTHY MILFY: See....lol RT Charles aKa House: Filthy Milfy man I was just bout to tweet "old karaoke DJ" lmao

PULLEY: Might skip the reception and have a game of football played after my wedding.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Fish Fry Shawty, I swear we ain't cool no mo bruh

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Make sure you cuff your direct deposit before that $200 date or you a hoe.

MEREDITH TRAY: Nov.27., thanks lovely :)

PABLO SANCHEZ: Quincy McCall's Girl, see why you gotta go do that lol

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Like literally pushing them in the direction of greatness, and doing everything in your power and it still doesn't work...

PABLO SANCHEZ: “ Me Shell: There are dicks going in vaginas on my TL. Happy Saturday.”

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Close ya legs RT l'actrice.: Bruh. ITS ALWAYS HOT AS BALLS IN MY ROOM. Wtf?

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Metta Rainbow Peace: i wonder what the thought is in a guys head first time his chick farts around him ?..”---FDB

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Shallow nigga, but deep enough to have one swimming. Think I've spend too much of my time with the wrong women.

FILTHY MILFY: Lol RT Barefoot Pookie: Idek what the discussion is for anyway lol. Y’all ain’t gon walk up and ask a nigga why his jeans cuffed anyway

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I've had my chances at love, but knowing me, I missed it. Because me dedicating my time is just unrealistic.

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: I'll never say there aren't any good women out there. Honestly, there's too many.

EASY EARLY: U not allowed “Tenn Peaches: i cant wait to get a man. I got a lot of new shit im ready to try. (thats not just sexual by the way!)”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: The good girls went silent on me. Or got a boyfriend, and went to college on me.

EASY EARLY: They r def not the same “Mr. STiLLiGRiND : People continue to get TMi and Terance mixed up. Lol.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Thank me now.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Quincy McCall's Girl, lol and Orion Pax punk ass had to RT it...y'all ain't right.

FILTHY MILFY: I wanna make some mozzarella cheese sticks. How do you bread em tho? I've never done it before

PABLO SANCHEZ: &lt;----this morehouse man enjoys vagina

GIUSTINO CURVEANOVA: Good women aren't hard to come by at all. The problem is finding that good woman through the hurt.

WOO: I tell my girl when she fuck me, betta fuck me good.... Cuz if another girl could, she gon fuck me good

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, lol I had to bitches wanna make gay morehouse jokes today

PULLEY: Florida losing by at least 24

WOO: Had my heart broken by this woman name Tammy..... But hoes gon be hoes, so I couldn't blame Tammy

PABLO SANCHEZ: But we not gone talk about what happened in Athens at Pajama Jam or Hot N Wet...this morehouse man won lol

LANA DEL BAE: “How was your Thanksgiving?” “Don’t talk to me.”

PABLO SANCHEZ: I swear she gone talk all morning smh

PULLEY: I would not be surprised if Bama wins by two or more TDs.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Couple things due, but you get em done. Might've been a time where I loved her too but if you take that away then you've always been the one

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, naw we'll let them live, alone and ugly lol

PULLEY: SIR PURR'S COUSIN, I don't think it will happen I just wouldn't be shocked.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: FUCKING ME. RT Jessicuh. : me. RT Lana Del Bae: “How was your Thanksgiving?” “Don’t talk to me.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Auburn at home. I'll give them the edge. Its rivalry week. 23-20 War Eagles.

WOO: Woman of my dreams, iont sleep, so I can't find her

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, lmaooo ex tho? Smh
  Kobe's babymama, yea I am boo lol

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so proud of you
  Auburn D-line gonna give Bama's front HELL today in Jordan-Hare. It just be like that in rivalries.
  UNC dubbin dook today for the Liberty Bell

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I had a pair of Jordan jeans in high school. They were this strange Carolina Blue color. Didn't go with shit, but comfortable as hell.

FILTHY MILFY: Ehh.., that's an acceptable date

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: I think those jeans came free with one of my Eastbay orders or some shit. IDK IDK IDK.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Leaving South Carolina just in time to miss the nigger lynching that proceeds Clemson/USC.

FILTHY MILFY: Krissy , so I need to freeze them first, mine are in the fridge :-\
  Tallulah Bankhead, what kind of cream?

ALIEN ARTIST: “Noطl٤ P: Markus Williams lets see them bc i need some” Also, just outta curiosity.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: No new niggas. Nigga, we don't feel that.

J. THUNDER: Goddess Divine, doing it and saying it are two different things unfortunately lol

FILTHY MILFY: Rebecca , aww he's hella cute

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I feel like when she moves, time doesn't.
  Why do I feel like I found the one? Whats in these drinks that you poured for us?
  Dook football AND basketball losing really all I want for my birthday @God

FILTHY MILFY: lims, so batter and then freeze? Ugh this is so much more work than I thought
  I gotta batter and freeze, minuswell just go buy some

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Rivalry week the only time of the year when NCAA is better than the NFL.
  She fine like a ticket on the dash.

FILTHY MILFY: lims, I think that sounds better

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, that's the one I picked too...the Versace is my daily scent...but it's my last day n Philly...dare to b different

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I think that I'm a little bit in love with you.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): My cologne collection gettin crazy

FILTHY MILFY: Tyrone, damn I wouldn't have minded that

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Next week is about to be too real.

PABLO SANCHEZ: diana flawse ♥, what? Lol
  Fish Fry Shawty, lol bruh you ain't have to do all that tho

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Ham. Word of the day is ham. Always.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Why do professors think it's cute to give the final the week BEFORE finals week?

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, oop...muh bad Keyz...feisty ass Jamaican wimmenz

FILTHY MILFY: I'm petty enough to do this RT François : Text your ex and be like 'You swear you happy'

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Been around em my whole life...take a real nigga to deal with Jamaican women

TRAP STEVE KERR: I'm gonna share with y'all a sampling of things my mom has said to me just within the last 10 minutes.
  "You should've gone to school to be a customer service agent. An attorney should have some class. You have ghetto tendencies."

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, my aunts ol school...I get it from them lol...unnu haffi tell mi...mi ah deh lmao...

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: That weed money was for gas and phone bills. We bout to spend it on what matters most.

TRAP STEVE KERR: "Call Harvard and tell them you renege and see if you can get some of your money back."

J. THUNDER: Dart_Adams, exactly. I get mistaken for a Cuban/Dominican a lot because of my hair texture. But I don't take offense cause shit we the same.

TRAP STEVE KERR: "I want you to uplift yourself from the bowels of poverty and despair. I want you to do better, but you don't seem to want to do better."

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Chelsea, like...today?! 😳

FILTHY MILFY: James, morning

PULLEY: SIR PURR'S COUSIN, you finish this hodge assignment?

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Pulley, what assignment?

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, half...my dad from Spanish town

PULLEY: Florida running on emotions. Won't last much longer.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, I'm yankie born...Yardie bred

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Pulley, oh yeah
  Pulley, CT2 due too right?

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Auntie Rita STAY callin me a Yankee when I call her

PULLEY: SIR PURR'S COUSIN, by Monday I believe

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Chelsea, lmao....I was about to say....

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, ha! Most ppl don't know what a coolie is...much less how to reply...they don't care...they just want yo phone numbuh
  Foreign Affairs, u Dominican too? Shit

FILTHY MILFY: Talented Mr.Cobbins, did I miss you cousin? Did you already come out here?
  Talented Mr.Cobbins, aww congratulations

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, noooo time fi fuckery, but u ah mad dem keyz...u fahn

ALIEN ARTIST: “Awkward Posts: Our society has made us feel insecure and scared to be ourselves.”

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): These k. Hart pics are everythang

FILTHY MILFY: Bay Area RT Kingsley Shacklebolt: If NYC/La chiks ain't the flyest, THEN WHO? I'll wait.

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Are there any movies that Morgan Freeman narrated that haven't won oscars and accolades?

J. THUNDER: The two phrases that irk my soul the most:  1. I guess. 2. If you say so.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, u Yardie fa real...only my Yardie friends use DWL...we gon be real cyber friends

J. THUNDER: YOU DON'T HAVE TO GUESS ABOUT WHAT I'M TELLING YOU! GOT DAMMIT! I'm TELLING you. I didn't ask you a got damn question.
  2. I did say so... or else I wouldn't of fucking said it. It's not a rumor. I literally just told you.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Doris Akers &amp; Them Gospel Legends said YOU CANT BEAT GOD'S GIVING!!

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): “✭  Skript: LVL 4.9 ✭: Foreign Affairs u probably could. You're an island woman. Y'all have like 8 lungs. Shit is unnatural.”

BEAR : Walked in Hooter's in Tuscaloosa and got ambushed by Hooter girls asking me to take pictures with them.

FILTHY MILFY: It's not hard, some want to RT Sassy: How on Gods earth do you get a nigga to eat your blood?

J. THUNDER: And if you respond to any of those tweets with an "I guess" or "If you say so" you a fuck nigga. Get the FOH.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: When you have a testimony you BETTA hold on to it, and tell the people how able out God is!

LANA DEL BAE: I had a dream I was pregnant. I…

KENFUCIUS: Fisticuffs

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: !! “Grammar YUNiversity: "Coarse" = rough, ( K, RN, BSN, MPH. . . hair)   "Course" = route, direction, series of lessons, etc.  As idioms, "Of *course*!"

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, cyber like shit lmao....we uh take ova fi da 99 and da 2000

BEAR : ...with a gun on my waist? RT $tudent.: BEAR  they think you're an athlete.

J. THUNDER: Sekret Agent, lol me and you gon fight

KENFUCIUS: LMAO. Son pulled Based Marshall Henderson's move

WOO: U call my girl at 7 n she prolly gettin 8

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: From the looks of my TL, "homonyms" is the English class most of us failed or missed in elementary school.
  Kenny Rice, Stephen A. Green y'all want me to email mine? Can't say it'll help but at least it'll be a framework

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: LMAOO ppl retweeting that tweet too.
  Negative 2 “PLUTOCASH: QUESTION: What's the most sexual partners you've had in a 12 month period?”

PULLEY: Just are a cupcake. I hate those things.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Brittany, have you moved yet?

PULLEY: Wouldn't be upset if OSU lost.

FILTHY MILFY: Sassy, yes. I've def gotten head on my period, not the first day or anything but yeah

PULLEY: Sharkeisha, don't want em to play for a national championship
  Little gassy.

J. THUNDER: Sekret Agent, call me The Solution.

BEAR : $tudent., Bruh... I'm wearing whats in my avi. Who I play for?

LANA DEL BAE: Mary Bae Blige, lmao man I was real pregnant. Waddling and rubbing my stomach and complaining. Basically what I do now
  Juh-neen, on wat!

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Drop your album bruh RT ScHoolboy Q: Dat niggaH Vic Mensa tHo cuHz Hard

LANA DEL BAE: I hate leaving Texas. Butttt I’m ready to be back in my own bed. 😁
  In peace and quiet.

ELEANOR RIGBY: "I love Morgan Freeman." But, ma'am.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Chill Dauterive, is it creepy? I made it nigga

LANA DEL BAE: The way you say my name makes me feel like I’m that nigga.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Who RTd Foreign Affairs into my TL? I need to buy them dinner

TRAP STEVE KERR: I love you so much, baby. You so good to me. The Flying Biscuit

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: North Carolina air feeling good on my lungs.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Female negro from tennessee...but all the same «Samsonite Man my diversity statement donna be like: I'm negro from SW GA, take me»

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): I DO have the juice Pablo Sanchez

PABLO SANCHEZ: “A$AP Pharoah (PhD): I DO have the juice Pablo Sanchez”---you finally admit it lol

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Pablo Sanchez, sometimes u gotta test the juice lol

THE ABSTRACT.: the girl I had a crush on in 6th grade is having her third child... glad she ain't like me.

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: “Antares: There should be vodkas named for loves like this”

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: "Queen Symone: Zumba at 2!" Zumba=death”---I thought Zumba was the big booty goddess

PULLEY: Anré D. Washington, gotta go to the ritzy neighborhoods...that's where you find the deals

THE ABSTRACT.: “Chuck the Efficient : I want Ohio St to lose, but it's not gonna happen”

PULLEY: Analog Girl, you're hilarious

PABLO SANCHEZ: A$AP Pharoah (PhD), hahaha that how you know?

J. THUNDER: Sekret Agent, fear ain't got nothing to do with what you got coming from me, shawty. Feel as you please. Won't stop it lol

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Hey y'all, we should catch up at brunch sometime “Tami Roman: Boo boo!!!!!! How are you hunny bunny :) "Royce IG= RoyceReed : Tami Roman Tamiiiiiiiii"”

PULLEY: Anré D. Washington, I came away with a 100% camel hair sports coat &amp; a Ralph Lauren 100% wool sports coat and some pants for $19 yesterday

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: LMAOO! I know everybody

PULLEY: Sharkeisha, they still winning or nah?

FILTHY MILFY: What are you so afraid of?

PULLEY: Sharkeisha, I'm asking, I'm not watching. Sitting on the throne.

J. THUNDER: Depends though.. RT the_Strohican: A dude will quickly let a chick outta the friend zone the moment shawty say come over and watch a movie

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Walked in the kitchen and my mom had my dad's du-rag on. Think it's time for me to head back to Atlanta.

PULLEY: Sharkeisha, no Pum you know me better than that

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: My parents have no chill

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: "Princey drives so safe. I have never felt in danger while riding in his car." -- the entire free world.

PULLEY: SCSU up 7-0 as the the first quarter expires.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: P.S. I tweeted that from behind the wheel.

A$AP PHAROAH (PHD): Foreign Affairs, I ain't b specific..,nigga better eat this frozen food and be happy...da hell they thank dis is?!
  Foreign Affairs, subway? They gon get a dolla sweet tea from mcdonalds and a McDouble...2.15

PABLO SANCHEZ: Let's Go Bulldogs

ELEANOR RIGBY: Princeton Hernandez, DON'T TWEET/TEXT AND DRIVE. Oprah said not to.

PULLEY: As long as the SCSU offense doesn't blow it the defense can definitely win it.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Oprah ain't never had to tweet thru it, tho. RT Eleanor Rigby: Princeton Hernandez DON'T TWEET/TEXT AND DRIVE. Oprah said not to.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Princeton Hernandez, it's dangerous! Stop replying to me if you're driving!
  To stunt on these hoes. RT Mary Bae Blige: What do you get outta RTn all your compliments?

LANA DEL BAE: Ming Sanchez, you sound like a black bitch

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Don Trip - Allen Iverson

LANA DEL BAE: Juh-neen, LMAOO I (hypothetically) got you.

FILTHY MILFY: Noname Artist , how old are you

TRAP STEVE KERR: VRNM, Bruh I don't know! I said "Who pissed in your Cheerios?!" and she said "YOU DID."
  💯 RT Norris Was The Same: "I usually don't carpool; it's pools in the car" - Trap Steve Kerr

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Eleanor Rigby, but how will you know if I agree to stop if I don't reply??

ALIEN ARTIST: Mary Bae Blige, Proof of relevance... in their minds.

LANA DEL BAE: Why did I even text that trash.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Not messaging Princey back. HE NEEDS TO STOP.

LANA DEL BAE: #TheWayne, I’m a perfect angel.

PRINCETON HERNANDEZ: Eleanor Rigby, okay. I'm sorry. I woRtX66

TRAP STEVE KERR: Lmfao RT #Young Internet#: Hey Suga Duga NYG going 9-7 =( Troll vs Troll 😂

A NAME ABOVE ALL: This! «xoxoxoxoxo After next Saturday I never want to hear or see the acronym LSAT again»

ELEANOR RIGBY: Princeton Hernandez, GET OFF THE DAMN ASS PHONE.

FILTHY MILFY: Brotha D ©, how you know?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I can't be jealous of what material things you have, because my God is greater than ALL of that! I woke up this morning!!

FILTHY MILFY: Billie BITCH, right!!!

LANA DEL BAE: Can I assign people ringtones? Am I late?

FILTHY MILFY: Noname Artist , you still have time to figure it out. Travel and enjoy life

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae, not so much late but bird-like.

FILTHY MILFY: Billie BITCH, me too but mainly because I'm jealous of anybody with bigger breasts than mine lol

ELEANOR RIGBY:  BamBam  Foreskin, Julian Shirtsinger he's domincan. Because that's a Boston hat and only Dominicanos like Béisbol.

BEAR : DJ love rooting against Bama. I love that he roots against Bama. Everytime he do... we win.

FILTHY MILFY: Smoke some weed RT Ronald THIGHsley: I need to eat. But I'm too nauseous. Help. Me.

LANA DEL BAE: Kevin wants everybody to be a Dominican (like him)

FILTHY MILFY: Lmao RT LILITH: I only shave my pussy for my side piece. My main gotta eat thru the garden.

LANA DEL BAE: trying to gently twerk in my seat without alerting my grandma.

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae, Julian Shirtsinger I am an African-American. I don't have a spanish bone in my body. In fact, I abhor it.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Jasmine Hill, lmao welp

ELEANOR RIGBY: SCANDALIZE MY NAME, SINNERS. Scandalize my name....

LANA DEL BAE: Eleanor Rigby, Julian Shirtsinger the bone in your pants in black. everything else is mexi-dominican
  LMFAO RIGHT RT Julian Shirtsinger: Lana Del Bae so she can throw you out the damn car. lmfao

FILTHY MILFY: Noname Artist , seriously. That's the one thing I regret, not seeing the world in my younger years

ELEANOR RIGBY: Lana Del Bae, Julian Shirtsinger LEAVE MY BLACK ASS ALONE.
  Julian, C'rissa, Alysha, and Kenard are internet bullies.

LANA DEL BAE: Jerónimo's 9th child, so you’re cheating on me. I see.

J. THUNDER: Sekret Agent, Do I? Lol you got it then. My bad, shawty. C'mon over here and let me lick it up- I'm sorry, make it up to you

LANA DEL BAE: Jerónimo's 9th child, ✋ all these women. I’m over it
  Jerónimo's 9th child, nope. we’re done
  n/a, pls don’t i’d rather go to hell on my own.

FILTHY MILFY: Rezene Senai Godefa, Billie BITCH I'm gonna fight you Leon

LANA DEL BAE: ass fat as two basketballs. Gucci finna dunk ha
  Jerónimo's 9th child, when you finish with all these women I’ll be here.

KARLITO CLARK: Kellen Nelson, bruh just. You know what. Nvm. No comment lmao.

LANA DEL BAE: #TheWayne, I am. You don’t have any proof otherwise. 😇
  And I got them tools tell them boys it can get mechanical

TRAP STEVE KERR: Wtf is wrong with y'all?

FILTHY MILFY: Small breasts RT Leezy: What’s one of your insecurities?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: 😂😂😂 “K, RN, BSN, MPH. . .: See why I can't stand GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL!”

WOO: White athletes have to rely on fundamentals 😂 RT Court: This tight end for FSU catches everything

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Alize DuVernay, K, RN, BSN, MPH. . . I'mma put spells on both of y'all.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Face down. (Prayers up!) That's the way (we lift our spirits up)! cc: cp

LANA DEL BAE: idk why I’m listening to Anticipation
  So cute. RT hushpuppy.: When men get sick they act like little babies lol so cute.
  #TheWayne, ✋ save it

KARLITO CLARK: Mom came home w/ Starbucks. &gt;&gt;

LANA DEL BAE: oui oui raggedy. time for you to hit the bench. 💃
  #TheWayne, lmao shut up ugh

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: ...guess , Alize DuVernay K, RN, BSN, MPH. . . LMFAOO!!!!!! She and that rough ass head gotta get a relaxer
  You don't remember big timers “Murdy: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL LMAO the ignorance in the first sentence alone. A mess.”
  au revoir, ASHY! “K, RN, BSN, MPH. . .: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL Carl, you and the s-curl gotta go. Alize DuVernay”

FILTHY MILFY: No drive or ambition, broke, dirty nails RT Osbourne Cox: Ladies, what's unattractive to you on a man?

THE REAL SEGUN IDOWU: Chill Dauterive, johnnie  walker  Then Vs Now never talking shit about Teletubbies again

LANA DEL BAE: I don’t even know why you girls bother at this point 💃
  Give it up. It’s me! I win! You lose! 😁
  ONIKA COME BACK

KARLITO CLARK: “Maya A. Jones: Karlito Clark I KNOW you ain't over there talkin. HUSH IT! I rep for my brother lol”&lt;-oh I know why you rep lol. He fam too lol

LANA DEL BAE: Listening to “Beam Me Up Scotty” quietly getting my entire life.

KARLITO CLARK: I root for Southern every here but yet I have a chance working for Grambling. Smh

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Michigan gave it a good fight.

A NAME ABOVE ALL: Chic fil a and cold stone

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: Denzel is the GOAT 🐐

WOO: Hope I don't get a call after 330 😴

MEREDITH TRAY: Siri, what is Chick Filly?

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: THEY MAD!! Lol “Michael: GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL I see the haters are already dwelling your mentions. Do you Carl, s-curl and all...”
  I got Molly I got white. I've Been trapping all damn night

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: C'mon Heels!

KENFUCIUS: GTA talking casino heists? About fucking time dog

MEREDITH TRAY: Brooke C. Obie, JD, my favorite!

KENFUCIUS: About to listen to this Lil' Bibby tape

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Little to no attention is paid to WoC.
  A lot of these tweets I, as a man, can't even begin to grasp and contextualize.

FILTHY MILFY: KING LUCK, lmfaoooo fuck you

GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: Lmao! Hanna Montana “Monae Sharay: “GODMADEMEBEAUTIFUL: I got Molly I got white. I've Been trapping all damn night” interesting lol”

FILTHY MILFY: KING LUCK, thanks lol

WOO: It be funny when people tweet about shit they would do in certain situations but YOU KNOW they've been in that situation and did NOTHING 😂

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Dawg! RT Light Yagami : SIR PURR'S COUSIN again?

PULLEY: White chocolate cupcakes brushed with white chocolate liqueur topped with white chocolate peppermint cream cheese

WOO: Folks be like "man I wish a nigga would" and I be like.... Well remember when so n so did?! 😭😭

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I'm POSITIVE Florida took a minute to talk about them two teammates who blocked each other. How it happened again.................

WOO: 😂😂 RT Nellie: 🙅 Cutting them off for the Holidays.. Only 1 can sit at the dinner table 💏

PULLEY: You were right. “Pulley: Florida losing by at least 24”

KARLITO CLARK: “Maya A. Jones: I went to middle school with Lee Doss. He's come so far. I'm proud of him.”&lt;-Park Ball &amp; High School for me.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Cam Newton-esque play from D. Gardener. Followed by a head scratcher.

TRAP STEVE KERR: Dawg I hear Tip SPITTIN on some song, iono what it's called though. The hook is some nigga shit about doors coming up outside the club.
  Lol had to make sure I wasn't getting slandered for once. RT NYG going 9-7 =(:

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I honestly can't even comment because as a heterosexual male my gender and sexuality has never worked against me.
  You shook. RT J.Dee: I would like this duke dub cause i'd rather not see da flUkes again
  dook bout to lose this

PULLEY: Privilege speaking. “The Curve Kaiser : Shea butter twitter is having a moment, today.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: *ignorance RT Pulley: Privilege speaking. “The Curve Kaiser : Shea butter twitter is having a moment, today.”

PULLEY: Duke wins.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Ya bball team ate a D yesterday. RT Don Draper: “SIR PURR'S COUSIN: dook bout to lose this” you were saying?
  DOOK FANS IN MY MENTIONS LIKE LAST NIGHT AIN'T HAPPEN??????
  WHERE WERE YOU DOOKIES AT LAST NIGHT??????

PULLEY: This OSU team is who we thought they were.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Foh RT {Black} Dorian Gray: 😎“SIR PURR'S COUSIN: DOOK FANS IN MY MENTIONS LIKE LAST NIGHT AIN'T HAPPEN??????
  Y'all acting like dook ain't take the L last night.
  The Lord won't let dook be good at football AND basketball in the same season. The universe dont work that way. Dook bball trash n

PULLEY: Bout to block Mr. Hall.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: !!!!!!! RT Breasteses Mahoney: That fear some men have when it comes to having daughters is steeped in the idea of

PULLEY: The Curve Kaiser , what's funny about it?
  Knowing women who have been sexually exploited I just don't think it's funny.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Dominique Delacroix, very true when race is introduced but alone, my gender and sexuality aren't a problem

SKINNY LUTHER : Sadly, I do not. RT Easy Early: Some toilets were designed only with women in mind. Some men know what struggle I'm talkin about.

PULLEY: The Curve Kaiser , so what was the "shea butter twitter" comment?

WOO: Lil Vino , dang fa real. Lol. That's weak.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Nothing funny about sexual harassment/exploitation/abuse. But hey, this is twitter!
  I try to bro RT ...: You cant make jokes about one touchy subject but not others, just refrain all around Pulley SIR PURR'S COUSIN

PULLEY: Calling this a "moment" says that it's not that important. That somehow black women should just shut up and quit crying.
  ..., @indikev I agree. I'm getting better.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: I try to refrain from joking on sensitive subjects and if at any point I offend someone I apologize. That is never my intention.

WOO: Lil Vino , oh ok. What time the game tonight?

PULLEY: And then this. “Light Yagami : Black women blame black men for all of there problems”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Blame your mother for your grammar. *their RT Light Yagami : Black women blame black men for all of there problem

PULLEY: Moment says/does something offensive to your sister it's no longer funny and something that needs to be addressed.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: You all are really, really stupid.

WHITLEY GILBERTWAYNE: The insensitivity on my TL is pretty disgusting.

PULLEY: You can tell who hasn't taken humanities classes on here.

PABLO SANCHEZ: I'm just ready to see Bama and UGA whoop some ass bruh

PULLEY: ..., we are what?

WOO: Lil Vino , bet.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Rick got buddy back pedaling like Deion in the 90s lmaooooooo

PABLO SANCHEZ: “pRHOfound: I'm the one you be textin when you be up at yo job ... 👀”---🌾👀🌾

PULLEY: ..., yeah I had no idea how ignorant I was

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Keep it up! RT A$AP Feminist: ====&gt;RT HoodFeminism: This is about telling our stories and healing however we can.

TRAP STEVE KERR: A Public Enemy joint dropped and my mama started telling me about her conscious rap stage lmfao. We all go through that shit.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Damaged a lot of quality relationships with good people by being a dickhead.

PULLEY: About to submit this presentation about how religion shapes gender violence.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: C'mon doc! RT Pulley: About to submit this presentation about how religion shapes gender violence.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Captain Muse: Lets go Michigan! Punch this shit in!”

TRAP STEVE KERR: FOH. RT Deej Bradley: Those I went to school w/ in Dekalb are doing better than the ones I went to school w/ in Gwinnett.

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: GO FOR TWO AND THE WIN MICHIGAN

PULLEY: SIR PURR'S COUSIN, YOOOOOO I thought about you sitting on the third pew saying this. CRINE

PABLO SANCHEZ: Vashti Nefertiti, naw we looked different at Morehouse

PULLEY: WIN THE GAME BRADY HOKE

SKINNY LUTHER : SIR PURR'S COUSIN, what's going on? Catch me up.

PABLO SANCHEZ:  Me Shell, can you have friend chicken at the wedding? I like chicken

PULLEY: HEART BEATING LIKE A DRUMSET AT A ROOTS CONCERT.

PABLO SANCHEZ: u gone do that anyway “Fiscal Clifford: Michigan win I'm gonna drink a whole cup of this shine.”

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Skinny Luther , women were speaking on experiences with sexual abuse and some males looked at it as a joking opportunity
  Gardener trash in that 98

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Kobe's babymama: "Pablo Sanchez: I'm just ready to see Dricka" awww I'm flattered”---hopefully you don't make me wait too long

PULLEY: DEVIN GARDNER SWEAR HE DENARD ROBINSON

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: Lmaooooooo talkin CASH RT J.Dee: Lmao RT Kirk Herbstreit: Great call to go for 2

PABLO SANCHEZ: Vashti Nefertiti, but he didn't have on a suit lol
  Kobe's babymama, ima changed man
  Vashti Nefertiti, lol I guess, I didn't wear that shit when I was there
  Kobe's babymama, umm hmm lol
   Me Shell, so that's a yes to fried chicken? Good thanks!

SIR PURR'S COUSIN: 5 minutes until the Bayou Classic halftime.

PABLO SANCHEZ: Kobe's babymama, *looks at dat ass*

SKINNY LUTHER : SIR PURR'S COUSIN, I wish I could say I don't believe you, but alas, I'm actually not surprised smh.

PABLO SANCHEZ: “Paper Chaser: “ruthless ronda ✊: I joined Zeta Phi Beta not Phi Beta Sigma and I'll be damned if i ever wear frats para and vice versa 😒” welp”-😩
   Me Shell, ok cool! Lol oh and a open bar! Thanks!
